<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Chapter 6</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>CHAPTER 6</h1>
  <h1>The Things Necessary For Interpersonal Relations Are "Guts" and An "Objective Perspective"</h1>
	<br/><br/>

  <p>People tell me that I have an objective view of things.</p>

  <p>I think so too.</p>

  <p>For example, even when I'm talking to my family, I think about what kinds of things I should say or if I say a certain thing then me and the person I'm speaking to would have more fun.</p>

  <p>Even during concerts, all I think about is how and what I should do in order to be seen on the screen monitors.</p>

  <p>I'm an incredibly calculating person. I'm always thinking about what I should do to benefit myself.</p>
  
  <p>With that said, I thought about how to communicate with other people. You alone do not have a lot of power. There are limits on how much impact you can make. That's the reason why you have to look at your situation objectively and go around being calculative. And then, involving others and turning them into strength is the secret to "Gyakutenryoku".</p>

  <h4>Without An Objective View, You're An Awkward Person</h4>

  <p>People often say things like, "Read the situation" or "Understand what's going on". But things like that aren't something you can visibly see in your everyday life. By the way, you <em>can</em> see it.... on 2Channel.</p>

  <p>One the 2 Channel boards, when an exciting topic gets posted, all sorts of people write all kinds of comments and they get quickly posted in real time. From top to bottom, the comments all pour in.</p>

  <p>During times like these, when someone posts a comment that has nothing to do with the current topic like, "I like ○○chan. I think so-and-so part about her cute", that person stands out in a bad way. You'd be like, "Do you see all these other comments?"</p>

  <p>That's how I've looked at all those comments that stick out so I've gained the habit of reading the entire situation before saying what I want to say.</p>

  <p>I feel that if you don't have an objective view, you become an awkward person.</p>

  <p>To put it simply, narcissistic people are like that. They think they're cool or cute. But once you take a step back and look at one's self from the same position, you'd say that's not true.</p>
  
  <p>However, the problem is when you start taking it too far. I can't get obsessed in the thing that's in front of me. Somewhere in my head, I am constantly looking at my situation calmly. Once you get addicted to the Internet, your personality will most certainly become twisted......I just put that in a good way. I most definitely have a bad personality.</p>

  <p>Now that I'm an Idol, my experience with the Internet is no doubt being put to good use.</p>

  <h4>Save Up On Reputation</h4>

   <p>When you begin to look at yourself objectively, you start to become sensitive to how you're being perceived by other people.</p>

   <p>For that kind of person, greetings are incredibly important. No matter how tired you are, you smile as much as you can. You look the person in the yes and greet them properly as much as possible. Also you can't forget to have the mindset of winning by making the first move.</p>

   <p>For example, when there's a big concert, there's a lot of staff that we meet for the first time. After the concert, I go around to different rooms and say "Thank you very much". Is there a door that's not open? Did I greet everybody? I do a strict general check in my head.</p>

   <p>When I pass a member's family members in the dressing room, if they notice me, I take the initiative to go and greet them. Rather than giving off an impression like "I came across Sashihara but she had this scary-looking face", it's much better to have it be "She greeted me". And furthermore, someone might be watching me as I do it. Plus one reputation for me.</p>

   <p>I think that reputation is something you can save up on like money. I secretly call it the "Reputation Savings".</p>

   <p>When I get tired, I get all irritated or lose the strength to go greet people. In times like those, I think about my "Reputation Savings" and push through like, "Don't break the bank, save up on more!"</p>

   <p>When people complain, it's also a chance to increase your reputation. When people complain, you're likely to sympathize with them. It's during those times that you do not sympathize with them and say something like a good person would! Of course, you don't need to go out of your way to say something different from how you really feel.</p>

   <p>The point is how you use those savings.</p>

   <p>There are times when you really get tired or feel like you've had enough of things, you unconsciously start to get in a bad mood. When that happens, when you feel something's wrong with someone's actions, instead of warning them, you might get angry or something. It's not good if people see you like that. It gives off a bad impression.</p>

   <p>It's during those times that your Reputation Savings comes into play. If you have savings, then it'll end with something like, "Well, Sasshi usually works hard so there are times when she gets like that". But let's say if I was a person that didn't have those savings, then it might end up with me being thought of as the "hard to deal with" person.</p>

   <p>That's the worse thing that can happen.</p>

   <p>You save up reputation for when the time comes. And when that time comes, you'd been saving up already so you will be fine.</p>

   <p>I fairly recommend the Reputation Savings.</p>

   <h4>How To Do Greetings, -Sashihara-style</h4>

   <p>Bear with me on my thoughts about greeting just a little longer.</p>

   <p>People say that I'm a brown nose.</p>

   <p>That doesn't mean I'm concious of it. I first realized that was how people saw me after I was told that by other people.</p>

   <p>But, it's true that in many cases, I am liked by my senpai. The reason that I can think of is that it might be because I do greetings a lot.</p>

   <p>For example, when your senpai comes into the changing room, all the kouhai say, "Ohayougozaimasu"*. Even if you're among the group of greetings, you won't be heard. Perhaps the senpai might might think, "Why does Sashihara not do her greetings?".</p>

   <p>First, once I say "Ohayougozaimasu" at the same time as everyone else, I then afterwards go up and get close, look them in the eye and say "Ohayougozaimasu" one more time.</p>

   <p>There's not much point in greetings that are done just based on the mood and it doesn't feel good either. That's what I think myself coming from being on the side of the kouhai.</p>

   <p>Also, if one of my senpai is on a TV show, I will watch it. I won't go as far as going out of my way to record the show but if I turn on the TV and they're on TV, I make sure to watch it and tell them my impressions. I do this because if someone told me that, I'd be happy.</p>

   <p>The things done to you that make you happy also makes the other person happy. Seniority has nothing to do with it.</p>

   <h4>I'll Say My Opinion But I'll Quickly Take It Back</h4>

   <p>Now to continue the talk about objective perspectives.</p>

   <p>Once you start looking at things objectively, you begin to communicate with people while not just thinking about present but what will happen in the future as well.</p>
   
   <p>I'm the kind of person to have clear opinions on things. If I have an opinion, I will clearly state it. But I'm always in a position to be ready to listen to other people's opinions. I'm always ready to say that I have no problems at all with the other person's opinion.</p>

   <p>The moment I say that something should be a certain way and another person disagrees and says it should be another way, if I think that the other person is right, I take back my opinion right away. There may be times when you think that your opinion could be the right one and you feel like you can't retract it, those are also times you straight up leave it alone. Quickly hold back your own feelings.</p>

  <p>The reason is because once you think about the future, the other person is correct.</p>

  <p>Let's say that you retract your opinion without any difficulty, you decide to go with the other person's opinion, and in the end, you figure out that you idea was the right correct one.</p>

  <p>Nothing gets said from me. Inside my head, I go, "See〜?". The things that you were right about are things you should just think about inside your head. Saying, "Hah, see I told you so〜" makes you look like a jerk.</p>

  <p>But in those cases, the other person generally apologizes to you. When it's something like, "Sasshi's idea was the right one", "Well it looks like it could've gone either way in the end", I get more credit.</p>

  <p>In order to make an environment for the other side to be quick to apologize, when you take back your opinion, you should do it quick and early. if you hold back while saying "Fine whatever, I'll just go with your idea then", it will just make the other person angry so even if you do happen to be right alter on, the other person won't apologize.</p>

  <p>Don't forget to apologize right away when you make mistakes as well.</p>

  <p>Recently, I got into an argument with one of the staff members. I completely misunderstand something regarding the members and I started to feel like slamming that person. But. when I realized that it was to my misunderstanding, normally you get pretty angry and embarrassed so you'd go like, "Well that's fine then".</p>

  <p>Immediately, I said I was sorry.</p>

  <p>Immediately, I switched myself to apologizing mode. After you say you're sorry, there are times where you want to say, "But....". Just forget about it. Once you apologize, do it once more and leave it at at that. That way, it doesn't leave a mark later. I'm always thinking about the future consequences as I'm communicating with other people.</p>

  <p>There are also people who commend my honesty. But really, I'm just a woman who's trying to get ahead.</p>

  <h4>Submit Project Plans Twice</h4>

  <p>Next, I will talk about my work as a theater manager. In terms of HKT48 concerts. I am tasked to a certain degree with deciding the songs to perform but anything other than that costs money so I do presentations to the higher ups.</p>

  <p>I put several proposals together and then I submit them. Among these proposals, I will always put in one project that I know is impossible to do. By doing that, I get praised for coming up various kinds of ideas. It makes me look like I'm motivated.</p>

  <p>To continue, the "impossible project" stands out, and since it's impossible to do, we're left wondering what else can be done. I have the project that is going to be most likely to get picked slipped in with the other projects. When I do that, it gets chosen most of the time.</p>

  <p>When I do the target presentation and I'm told "But you know, that's not possible", I back down right away saying, "You're right. Please let me think about it more."</p>

  <p>At that moment, without being stubbornly persistent, I make the other person feel better by saying, "It's true that I haven't thought about it that far". That way, they can feel the difference between themselves and me. As in like, "I am more greater than you".</p>

  <p>If you stand your ground on your proposals saying something like, "<em>I</em> think it's a good idea" or "No don't worry, I have it planned out", right then and there, there might be some people that would praise me for that but I think that the amount of people who wouldn't think too well of that be greater. You don't want to be thought of as that one stubborn person since it'll be hard to submit ideas the next time.</p>

  <p>Then, after you give it a little bit of time, you say "I re-thought the project from earlier...." and then submit the revised proposal. Yes, this works!</p>

  <h4>Don't Turn Your Eyes Away</h4>

  <p>Facing towards the person on top of communicating with them is a simple but effective technique.</p>

  <p>When you talk to people, you look them in the eye and talk to them.</p>

  <p>At the same time, it's very tiring. Look at someone and speaking to them takes physical and mental effort. But doing it definitely benefits you.</p>

  <p>In the movie that I played a main role in, 「<a href="https://youtu.be/sRT1f1jnIvo">Barairo no Buuko</a>」, I sang a duet for the theme song with rockstar Uchida Yuuya. When I was given the opportunity to talk with Yuuya-san, I hadn't decided at all what I was going to say but I had only decided to never look away while speaking to him. Afterwards, I was set on listening to what Yuuya-san had to say and nod responding, "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!" as I'm looking at his eyes. While I'm looking him in the eyes, I squeeze in my opinions here and there.</p>

  <p>He completely likes me. The only people who refer to me as "Rino" are my family and Yuuya-san.</p>

  <p>These past few years, the event where I felt that I must not lose in terms of feeling the most was talking with Hayashi Mariko-san. I mean, she's the person who wrote <a href="http://amzn.to/1O1fuKn">『Yashin no Susume』(Kodansha Gendai Shinsho)</a>. She's a person who has seen many women.</p>

  <p>I got to talk to her through a magazine and I decided that I wouldn't take my eyes off her for not even a second. There are people that get seen through immediately! Akimoto-san thinks so as well. If you show any weakness for even a second, you'll be taken advantage of so don't lose with your eyes.</p>

  <h4>Appearances Are Important</h4>

  <p>When you apologize to people, you also don't look away. The other person is angry which is all the more reason to keep looking them in the eye. While you look them in the eye, you apologize saying you're sorry.</p>

  <p>After I transferred into HKT48, as a senpai, I became in a position where I have to be angry at my kouhai.</p>

  <p>When I become angry, there are some things that I notice. When I give warnings, the members who look down and feel really bad are the ones who most likely feel <em>genuinely</em> bad for whatever they did but I start to wonder if they are really listening to what I'm saying.</p>

  <p>The members who "seem" to be seriously listening to what I'm saying will definitely cool my head down when I get angry. They might just be looking at me in the eyes and nodding to me as if they're really sorry but inside they really think it's annoying. With that said, for someone on the side of being angry, it feels like, "this person is listening to what I have to say" and it leaves a good impression.</p>

  <p>I think that communicating while considering just how much one's self is being seen by others is beneficial. Appearances are important.</p>

  <p>I am a woman who has survived just based on "appearances".</p>

  <h4>A Beneficial Way of Complaining</h4>

  <p>It's similar to what I was just talking about and I think that there are also different types of ways of complaining.</p>

  <p>First of all, you can't say the exact same complaints that come to mind. If you overdo saying what you really feel, it will weird out the people around you. Not just between Idol and fan relations, but in normal interpersonal relationships as well because there are some parts where you might be like "Are you really going that far" or "You didn't have to say that".</p>

  <p>It's the same with trying to hold back feeling down when someone gets angry at you. You hold back wanting to go full force with you complaints and say enough to not be rejected by the other person. I think as long as you give out the right amount of complaints, people will support you.</p>

  <p>I'm not lying. What I'm saying isn't a lie but the right amount of adjustments are necessary.</p>

  <h4>Be Frank to VIPs, Be Polite to Semi VIPs</h4>

  <p>I will now talk about the tricks that I discovered myself when communicating with someone of higher status than you.</p>

  <p>Since becoming an HKT48 theater manager, I have had many chances to speak with some big-time old guys. There are even many of them at the location of shootings for variety shows.</p>

  <p>I'm good at talking with these guys. As a way of approaching those guys with status way higher than mine, I talk with them like they were my friends and for guys with some status, I work my way up on that.</p>

  <p>For example, I've been together with Tamori-san for 「Waratte Iitomo!」 for two and a half years, and after the TV shoot, we normally ate together and he talks to me normally.</p>

  <p>People with tons of status are open-minded.</p>
  
  <p>Akimoto-san is the same way as well. He's completely fine with someone like me. Rather than being in nervous super respect mode, going in friend mode will actually make me be more interesting to them.</p>

  <p>But somewhat big-time guys get irritated by a slight offense. They're sensitive to that which is why I keep a low-profile with them. It's bad if you mess this up. </p>

  <p>I think probably the reason why I'm good at talking with old guys is because I used to talk a lot with the older H!P fans at concert venues.</p>

  <p>I widened my trading card collection and tried with really negotiating how to trade the cards I had for their Kamei Eri-chan cards.</p>
  
  <p>They'll surprisingly accept young girls who boldly come to speak to them. When I tried talking to the old guys who like H!P, they were all nothing but nice people.</p>

  <p>So thanks to checking 2Channel and trading with older H!P fans, I can talk normally to Tamori-san and Akimoto-san. I barely have any idea about what kinds of experiences will serve as pluses for me.</p>

  <h4>When Discussing Another Person's Problems, Listen To Only What You Need and Leave It At That</h4>

  <p>Being transferred to HKT48 was a big reason why I began to think about a bunch of different things about communication.</p>

  <p>What changed the most between then and the time I was in AKB48 is that all of the members are now kouhai. So now I listen to all the problems that they have.</p>

  <p>I am the oldest within HKT48 and the difference in experience between us is big so I go with answering with "During those kinds of times, I have this kind of mindset" and answering as much as I can answer.</p>

  <p>But it doesn't mean I try to solve their problems just saying like, "I was this way" or "You know, I think about it this way." To go further into what I'm saying, what I am doing mostly is just listening to what they have to say.</p>

  <p>Listen to what you need and leave it at that. I think that the person talking to me knows that having a conversation with me doesn't mean they'll find a clue to their problem. They just want to talk. I'm that way as well when I talk to people about my problems.</p>

  <p>There are times when I happen to want to push my opinions though.</p>

  <p>When Aichan (Ota Aika) come to consult with me about whether or not she should transfer from AKB48 to HKT48, I couldn't help but want to say, "Yeah, you should come!". Because if Aichan came to HKT48, it would be even more fun and by watching Aichan, who has a longer career than I do, the other members would be able to grow.</p>

  <p>But I held myself back from saying that. Since it was about how she wasn't doing too well in AKB48. I stopped at, "I think it's possible to start over and work hard in HKT48". If say, she made a decision based on what I told her, then it wouldn't be because she wanted to. If there were to be some kind of accident, I feel that she would even think that coming to HKT48 was a mistake and that it wasn't something that she decided on her own.</p>

  <p>If you want to do something of your own will, then I think that the feelings to doubt your first decision won't come so easily. By thinking about standing up to those accidents in front of you, those feelings should come straight towards you.</p>

  <p>As I thought, it's important to not say too much. Here is where you also make fine adjustments. I think doing everything based on emotions would be a loss.</p>

  <p>Recently, I've started to get a lot of regular messages aside from their problems.</p>

  <p>I ignore them in moderation.</p>
  
  <p>I wonder if that's kind of mean?</p>

  <h4>Don't Recklessly Humble Yourself</h4>

  <p>Let me add a little bit more to the current story.</p>

  <p>When I was to be transferred to HKT48, I told the members, "You can speak to me casually" "Call me Sasshi". Thanks to that, I was able to quickly get along with them and became able to speak to them plainly.</p>

  <p>However, I was also sent here in order to make the group better. I had to make sure to not destroy my position as senpai.</p>

  <p>I decided to stop acting in a way that would baby the kouhai.</p>

  <p>To give a specific example, I won't try to be nice and make an effort to ask the members who don't talk to me how they're doing. I won't try to force myself into a circle of a discussion and make a conversation out of it. If they get the impression that they are the ones who let me into their group conversation, they'll definitely start to treat me lightly.</p>

  <p>Even if they humble themselves recklessly, I won't do something nice. Because I decided to take that stance from the beginning. I'm still not taken lightly to this day.</p>

  <p>Since I don't think that getting too friendly isn't good either, I purposefully make a point of putting distance between me and the members.</p>

  <p>I want to stay as the senpai until the bitter end.</p>

  <p>It's much better for HKT48 if I stayed as a person that isn't taken lightly. Because we normally uphold the senpai-kouhai relationship, I think fun comes out during concerts and performances when the relationship gets turned upside down.</p>

  <h4>Always Be Proper In Order To Give Advice</h4>

  <p>When I have to give others advice to the HKT48 kouhai, there's something that I try to keep in mind</p>

  <p>Even if you tell off someone who can't do something, that other person might think, "Well, you can't even do it either". In order to properly scold someone, you yourself must always have things together.</p>
  
  <p>I have other jobs to do so I can't attend as many lessons as the other members. But when I can attend, I make sure to come in early in the morning, do lessons, and cram as much as I can in my free time as to not drag all the other members down.</p>

  <p>Everyone knows that I properly have things down so when it comes time to scold them, they will listen to be without answering back.</p>

  <p>I carefully choose my words so that they can accept/take my advice in a positive way.</p>

  <p>People often say, "I do that too". If we say, "I make the same mistake too, so let's keep that in mind", I think which enable us to feel that we are all one and the same and we should cooperate together to solve the problem. I feel that way makes it easier for my advice to be taken.</p>

  <p>It's a method that I came up with recently.</p>

  <h4>Don't Stick Your Head Into Unnecessary Things</h4>

  <p>Next is about fighting.</p>

  <p>HKT48 is a group. Moreover, it is a group of girls.</p>

  <p>When you're with each other for a long time, it's not uncommon for a dangerous mood to come about between members from time to time.</p>

  <p>There are times when a rumor goes unattended and misunderstandings pile over misunderstandings and it feels like a fight is going to start.</p>

  <p>During those times, if the person involved confides with me then I'll do something but I won't do anything if they don't come to me.</p>

  <p>If I try to force it, then it becomes different story. For example, if the things that come out of my mouth gets interpreted incorrectly, someone might tell another person that that is how I thought about something even though it's something that I don't even think at all.</p>

  <p>Let's assume the worse case scenario.</p>

  <p>In HKT48, there is a pair known as "NakoMiku". They are Yabuki Nako and Tanaka Miku, sixth year elementary schoolers who passed the third generation auditions. They are both angels. Or fairies.</p>

  <p>Even though it'd never happen, let's say that they both started to along well with each other. If I came in saying that I heard that they were fighting, I'm going to be first asked where I heard that from.</p>

  <p>If I end up saying who I heard it from, the relationship between the two girls is going to go bad and I'm going to most definitely be blamed harshly by that one member because "<em>you</em> were the one who told me who told me it's going to be okay". It's the worst thing that can happen.</p>

  <p>One should not be asking who was fighting with who as much as possible in the first place. If I'm able to hear that, I slowly get up and walk away. I put on my earphones and focus on listening to music.</p>

  <p>If I do find out, it's very possible that it might turn out to be a "who's side are you on" situation so not knowing anything at all works out for me. Pretty much "ignorance is bliss".</p>

  <p>I really do want to interfere though. But I need to bear with it.</p>

  <p>if they come directly to me to talk with me, then what's unnecessary becomes necessary. You should wait until that time comes.</p>

  <h4>Paying Forward a Senpai's "Borrowings" To The Kouhai</h4>

  <p>Lastly, let me talk a little about the past.</p>

  <p>As many people know already, in the 48 Group, just because you passed the audition, doesn't mean that they'll be able to become a regular member right away. You start as a kenkyuusei.</p>

  <p>Kenkyuusei are basically in charge of a regular team's position as an under (or the replacement for when they're not performing). Back then, for Team A, I was Tomochin-san's (Itano Tomomi) under, for Team K, I was Umechan's (Umeda Ayaka) under, and for Team B, I was Haachan's (Katayama Haruka) under. I worked incredibly hard to remember each person's choreography and singing parts.</p>

  <p>One day, Tomochin-san was to be absent for a performance because of work elsewhere. It was my first chance to appear not as a back dancer, but as a full member. If I were to use school clubs as an example, it's as if you suddenly throw in a newbie into the senpai varsity team for a year.</p>

  <p>I got so nervous that I began to hyperventilate in the dressing room before it was my turn to appear. It was the first time that I ever became like that and I was in a huge panic. That's when Takamina (Takahashi Minami) spoke out to me.</p>

  <p>"Are you ok? Let's do this."</p>

  <p>Kenkyuusei barely have contact with the senpai so that was my first conversation with her. It made me happy that a senpai was concerned about me. That alone helped me to be able to calm down.</p>

  <p>The senpai who we were unders for taught us the dance moves and formation in great detail. Thanks to that dialogue that was going on, even I who isn't good at either dancing or singing was able to acquire the ability that is good enough to show in front of everyone else.</p>

  <p>I was able to grow thanks to all the senpai.</p>

  <p>Sometimes I get told that I am "nice to the kouhai". That's probably because I'm just doing for the kouhai what all my senpai did for me during my time as kenykuusei. It's not like I keep it in mind but I think that I am just paying forward the "borrowings" that I received from my senpai to the koukai.</p>

  <p>That's all.</p>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
