<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Chapter 9</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

    <p>By transferring to HKT48, I think I became very positive. I became stronger and I feel like I completed my "pinches are chances" formula, or in other words, my "Gyakutenryoku philosophy."</p>

    <p>After talking about my producing techniques, my ways of communication, my ways of working and thinking, there's something that I felt once again. </p>
    
    <p>I will talk about that time one more time.</p>

    <h4>Change Attitudes and Turn It Into Laughter</h4>

    <p>As an Idol, there are many points that I'm lacking in than good points.</p>

    <p>I'm not good at singing or dancing and I'm not cute.</p>
    
    <p>When I talk like this, you might think, "Do you want me to tell you that's not true?" but I seriously feel that way. I get it because I'm at least good at looking at things objectively.</p>

    <p>And that scandal. I honestly thought my life as an Idol was already over. Like I said in the fourth chapter, I thought about seriously quitting AKB48.</p>

    <p>But by transferring to HKT48 and receiving a chance at another challenge through making the group exciting, I became able to clearly see the path in front of me. After I slept, I was already fine by the time I woke up. I'll have returned to my usual self the next day.</p>

    <p>There's already nothing I can do about the article. It is no use trying to fix something that is beyond your control.</p>
    
    <p>Forget, rather than think. All that's left to do is do what you should be doing.</p>

    <p>I decided that I would do the work in front of me while having fun like always.</p>

    <p>The next day after my transfer to HKT48 was decided, I had a recording for variety show. I was with Tsuchida (Teruyuki)-san and (Gekidan) Hitori-san who are in the same agency as me and they kept on teasing me about the transfer.</p>
    
    <p>If I turned into a person who looked sad or a problem they couldn't deal with, I guess things wouldn't have gone well from there. If I step forward by speaking like, "Hey, wait a minute!" after being teased, it doesn't become painful to watch. It becomes funny, it becomes something to talk about.</p>

    <p>I've been teased a lot by people in many shows after that.</p>

    <p>"So why were you transferred to HKT48 again?" "Someone sold out pictures of me!"</p>

    <p>"What type of guy do you like?" "A person with a tight mouth!"</p>

    <p>Whenever I get a topic thrown at me, I kept on going along with it.</p>
    
    <p>I think it's alright if you can bring it into a comedic direction. I think it's not good if you're seen as a problem like, "Oh, we'd better keep away from this person." But you're fine as long as you make them laugh.</p>

    <p>I take the teasing and turn it into laughter. It is all thanks to everyone around me who turned image where people felt sad and sorry for me into a brighter mood.</p>

    <h4>Gyakutenryoku is the Ability to Have Others Support You</h4>

    <p>There was also an unexpected and lucky thing that occurred.</p>
    
    <p>What I did was change attitudes and act as if nothing happened. But the people around me were thinking, "I feel sad for her" or "It must be tough on her."</p>

    <p>There's a gap between my feelings and everyone else's feelings. That gap was a chance.</p>

    <p>During a pinch, as I'm working positively, the people around me praise me. When everyone is worried if I'm alright and I'm energetic, they'll tell me that I'm a strong person. When I take a pinch, turn it into something to talk about, and then laugh it off, they get amazed.</p>

    <p>It becomes easier to receive praise during a pinch. And that's how I get it. It's almost like cheating.</p>
    
    <p>I thought they would get angry at me. I had thought that I would become disliked. But, the thing I felt the most was the feeling that everyone supported me.</p>

    <p>I probably haven't done anything special. It was thanks to everyone's support that pulled me out of my worst situation to the place that I'm at now.</p>

    <p>If the thing that the Idols of today need is the "the ability to make others want to give their support", I may have that as well.</p>
    
    <p>The source of my Gyakutenryoku, the ability to change a pinch into a chance, is the support from everyone.</p>

    <h4>Enjoy Your Life!</h4>
    
    <p>At the start of 2012, I revealed my aspirations for that year on kakizome*.</p>

    <p>The words that I chose was, "Enjoy your life!" Every year since then, those words were my aspirations.</p>

    <p>Even when things get rough, I think about it in a fun direction for even just a little bit.</p>
    
    <p>I convince myself that I'm having fun, fun, fun. That's all that matters. If you think for even a second that you can't do it anymore, you can't. You need to strongly believe that a pinch is a chance.</p>

    <p>Ending your conclusions with something like "But I had fun" is also another one of my methods.</p>

    <p>For example, there are times where I think that I couldn't speak well or I couldn't do anything for TV show recordings. If those feelings latch onto you and drag you down, you'll feel down and it might also be a hindrance towards your next job. If so, then switch your conclusion to be, "But I had fun."</p>
    
    <p>I wasn't able to speak well, "but I had fun."</p>

    <p>I couldn't do anything good for the show, "but I had fun."</p>

    <p>I wonder if this is also Gyakutenryoku?</p>
    
    <p>In the end, the only person who can make you happy is yourself.</p>

    <p>Make yourself happy. Strongly having those feelings, I think, is the shortest path to happiness.</p>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
