<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Chapter 5</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">
    
    <p>
      Before I knew it, I was the HKT48 theater manager. There was a surprise announcement on April 28th, 2013 at Budokan, and it was the first time in the group's history to hold a concurrent position as a member and a theater manager. "Yeah, no duh", I thought.
    </p>

    <p>
      From the outside, it may look like a huge chance but just because I'm the theater manager doesn't mean there is any change in the things I do. I listen to the concerns of the members, give them advice, and if they have suggestions they feel are important, I tell it to the higher ups. As for the particular details for other tasks, Ozaki-san (the other HKT48 theater manager, Ozaki Atsushi), handles them for me. He's a nice guy.
    </p>

    <p>
      What I can do now after becoming a theater manager is submit proposals for concert setlists. I actually did this before I became a theater manager and now I don't have to hesitate anymore just because I am a member.
    </p>

    <p>
      I've been a "Genba-wota" since I was a kid and the concert is a special place for someone like me who loves to watch Idols on stage.
    </p>

    <p>
      In this chapter, I will talk about the methods I have come up with for producing people and groups based on my past experiences in creating HKT48 concerts.
    </p>

    <p>
      No matter what, HKT48 as the youngest group will always be in the position of catching up. It is a perfect environment for demonstrating "Gyakutenryoku."
    </p>

    <h4 id="the-4-principles-of-sashihara-style-producing">The 4 Principles of Sashihara-style Producing</h4>

    <p>
      As I mentioned in the last chapter, the 48 Group has just four groups within Japan. Going by the order they were created, the first is AKB48 whose theater is in Akihabara. Next is SKE48 based in Nagoya, NMB48 in Osaka, Nanba, and then HKT48 from Fukuoka, Hakata. 
    </p>

    <p>
      The overall quality of performance in AK48 is high. Many popular members reside in AKB48 so when they come together, they have an amazing presence. In SKE48's case, their dances are cool and are perfectly in synch. NMB48 is a Kansai-area group so one of their traits is having interesting MCs be one of the best.
    </p>

    <p>
      The youngest child, HKT48, is still in the process of development. In many ways, they still have much to work on. Even if they do the same thing as their sisters, they'd never catch up and surpass them.
    </p>

    <p>
      While I worked with everyone to reach for the top, I noticed that I seem to be employing four strategies as a result.
    </p>

    <ol>
      <li>Fight on your own terms and compete in what you're good at.</li>
      <li>Think from a fan's perspective.</li>
      <li>Set up "hook" that will catch on and spread it nationwide.</li>
      <li>Upholding both "creating an ace" and "changing up the batting orders."</li>
    </ol>

    <p>
      Let me explain about what each of these mean.
    </p>

    <h4 id="fighting-on-your-terms-part-1-thoroughly-enjoy-ourselves">Fighting On Your Own Terms, Part 1: Thoroughly Enjoy Ourselves</h4>

    <p>
      When you compare HKT48 to the other groups in terms of things like degree of recognition or quality of MC, HKT48 is quite weak in all of these areas. Even if you competed head on in these areas, there would be no chances of winning.
    </p>

    <p>
      However, if there was a ranking in how much the members enjoy themselves, they'd no doubt be number one. The easiest way to entertain the audience is if you are having fun as well. If you aren't having fun, then the people watching won't be having fun either. The feelings of those who stand on stage is something that is naturally communicated. 
    </p>

    <p>
      If our abilities were good enough that our performance could engage and attract an audience, then perhaps instead of "enjoying ourselves", we can "entertain" our audience. But HKT48 doesn't have that much skill so we have to have fun so that everyone can have fun with us. 
    </p>

    <p>
      HKT48's prominent characteristic is being the young and energetic "youngest child" and in many ways, they still have a long way to go. But it's for these reasons that they can pull of this tactic.
    </p>

    <p>
      Recently I think this a lot but being cheerful is amazing. Being energetic is amazing. If there was a girl that you're familiar with at work or school who is cheerful, energetic and can do the things she needs to do while having fun, then it's obvious that you too would begin to feel like you're having fun.
    </p>

    <p>
      I think <em>that</em> is HKT48's weapon.
    </p>

    <h4 id="fighting-on-your-terms-part-2-choosing-songs-that-destroys-the-pre-existing-harmony">Fighting On Your Own Terms, Part 2: Choosing Songs That Destroys the Pre-Existing Harmony</h4>

    <p>
      Between January to March of this year, HKT48 held their first Kyushu tour (「HKT48 Kyushu Nanaken Your, 〜Kawaii Ko ni wa Tabi wo Sase yo〜」).
    </p>

    <p>
      From here, I will take a specific example form the Kyushu tour and talk about the appeal of HKT48 and the appeal of the concert.
    </p>

    <p>
      These are the first concerts where I'm able to be involved in everything. I gave ideas concerning the opening performance to the acts outside of the song. In a way, it served as a basis for HKT48's concerts as I was able to do all things I wanted to do for the first time. Oh yeah, <a href="http://amzn.to/1IyA3vP">the DVD &amp; Blu-ray are now on sale.</a>
    </p>

    <p>
      First off, I wanted to change the setlist.
    </p>

    <p>
      At the time, HKT48 released it's third single. The singles consisted of their debut single, 「<a href="https://youtu.be/SUjvUN0vztY">Suki! Suki! Skip!</a>」(released March 20, 2013), and 「<a href="https://youtu.be/y5jHsV7hCHY">Melon Juice</a>」(released September 4, 2013), 「<a href="https://youtu.be/4-gTfa2hO0o">Sakura, Minna de Tabeta</a>」(released March 12, 2014). The CDs each come in four different kinds with Type-A to Type-C and a theater edition and the coupling song for each type is different. When thought about that way, HKT48 had a somewhat decent amount of songs.
    </p>

    <p>
      As a fan, it'd make them happy to see the group singing a song that they would know at a concert. But if that became the norm for each concert, then the setlist would be the same every time. As a result, the fans would get tired of it.
    </p>

    <p>
      So I decided that we shouldn't sing the other songs that we had except the popular songs. I made it so that anything was possible and brought in different songs from various places. I originally love Idol songs and I have a ton in my Ipod. 
    </p>

    <p>
      First, I re-listened to the 48 Group singles, albums, and the theater songs. AKB48 has a long history and have great, hidden songs. Just because they are songs from the past doesn't mean that many people know them and not singing them would be a waste.
    </p>

    <p>
      I also chose songs from SKE48, NMB48, and even from "AKB48's Official Rival", Nogizaka46. By suddenly increasing the variation of entries, it becomes hard to predict what song will be performed next. By doing that, I want you to enjoy HKT48 concerts with a constant fresh feeling.
    </p>


    <h4 id="fighting-on-your-terms-part-3-creating-an-act-that-cant-be-compared">Fighting On Your Own Terms, Part 3: Creating An Act That Can't Be Compared</h4>

    <p>
      The centerpiece act that I thought up of was the 「HKT48 The Best Five」.
    </p>

    <p>
      Matusda Seiko-san's 「<a href="https://youtu.be/68LeXn8wfOw">Aoi Sangoshou</a>」, Candies-san's 「<a href="https://youtu.be/RTipNzw4CiI">Haru Ichiban</a>」, Wink-san's 「<a href="https://youtu.be/qazEhYX5Qkk">Sabishii Nettaigyo</a>」, Ann Lewis-san's 「<a href="https://youtu.be/t_vfT8JZ0PE">Ahh, Mujou</a>」, Onyanko Club-san's 「<a href="https://youtu.be/kwm8Zskinsg">Sailor Fuku wo Nugasanaide</a>」.... It was where the HKT48 members covered all the past famous Idol songs as one big ballad of famous Idol songs.
    </p>

    <p>
      For each concert, I changed the songs and the performing members as well. They were all songs that members sang for the first time but I think they memorized and performed them well.
    </p>

    <p>
      As for why I thought up of that.
    </p>

    <p>
      48 Group concerts are structured by full songs performed by all members and unit songs narrowed down to a few members. HKT48 had been performing existing AKB48 songs like 「<a href="https://youtu.be/mMLlv-6Tnwo">Temodemo Namida</a>」,「<a href="https://youtu.be/5u6sJnLvRtk">Ame no Dobutsuen</a>」,「<a href="https://youtu.be/Q_ShXlPAZII">Kinjirareta Futari</a>」, and「<a href="https://youtu.be/lmHiQnQ4oY0">Candy</a>」.
    </p>

    <p>
      I was unsatisfied with how we <em>always</em> do the same songs. However, even if we did new songs, the risk of doing songs that no one knew in a large concert was huge.
    </p>

    <p>
      That's when the FNS Kayousai happened.
    </p>

    <p>
      The 48 Group appeared on the show and when I was watching the other artist's live performances, Aichan (Ota Aika), told me "If (Tomonaga) Mio sang 「<a href="https://youtu.be/RaX0zKhHCME">Sentimental Journey</a>」(Matumoto Iyo)", I think it'd definitely be cute." I went like, "That's a great idea!"
    </p>

    <p>
      I'm sure there were also fans that didn't like that. The young fans probably wouldn't know those old songs and there's probably a lot of fans that want to hear the AKB48 songs that we all know.
    </p>

    <p>
      But there are no chances of winning by doing the same thing as AKB48. There are no chances of winning if we did the same thing as SKE48 or NMB48. The amount of experience for each group is different so even if you competed using the same songs and the same rules, once they are compared, we'd just lose.
    </p>

    <p>
      If we'd lose by being compared, then do something can not be compared.
    </p>

    <p>
      My usual style of "fighting on your own terms" can be seen in that HKT48 concert.
    </p>

    <h4 id="thinking-from-a-fans-perspective">Thinking From A Fan's Perspective</h4>

    <p>
      In HKT48 concerts, there are many times where members work up the crowd by going, "Are you guys excited---!?" I tell the members to work them up when they see a chance to do so.
    </p>

    <p>
      When there are interactions with the stage and the audience, you and the fans get pumped up. By saying, "Are you having fun?〜", you and the crowd can confirm that you yourself are having fun. 
    </p>

    <p>
      Also, by working up the top floor, the feeling of excitement falls to the bottom floor and as a result, it connects the entire venue together. "If you look straight ahead or look downwards, it looks as if you're uninterested so looking upwards makes you look cute and energetic on the monitor......"
    </p>

    <p>
      Those kinds of techniques were taught to me by the stage director.
    </p>

    <p>
      Actually at around the time of the Kyushu tour, HKT48 welcomed the new stage director.
    </p>

    <p>
      All of the stage directors up until now were like family to the members who put passion in their performances. The new stage director brought a sense of "strictly show business" to the stage,
    </p>

    <p>
      "You are all pros. Do not forget the fact that the people coming here are paying money in exchange for a concert."
    </p>
    
    <p>
      Everyone's feelings clearly changed. We began to think that we wanted to have as many fans as possible return home satisfied from the bottom of our hearts.
    </p>
    
    <p>
      I can't help but have fun with the current HKT48 concerts. It's the first thing I want to do. It's the thing I have the most fun with. I want to do it more than TV!
    </p>

    <h4 id="entertaining-the-public">Entertaining The Public</h4>

    <p>
      I was particular about the first opening song of the Kyushu tour.
    </p>

    <p>
      It's my favorite Morning Musume song, 「<a href="https://youtu.be/-3RyqCAJkRU">The ☆Peace!</a>」. But I didn't just choose this song based on my interests. Compared to AKB48, we don't have much of an audience and in a way, since we were just going around the Kyushu prefectures, the tour was local news. I thought about what I should do to make it newsworthy. If it had impact like "The 48 Group covered H!P songs", then maybe the public would start talking about it.
    </p>

    <p>
      During the standalone HKT48 concert (「AKB48 Haru Con in Saitama Super Arena 〜Omoide wa Zenbu Koko ni Suteteike!〜」, April 15, 2014), I received advice from Akimoto-san. "If you don't make something that has attitude in the opening, you won't make it to tomorrow's news." As a result, I made it so that the HKT48 members appear on stage with gym clothes on as part of the performance.
    </p>

    <p>
      If something attention grabbing is set in the opening and have some of media take pictures beforehand, there might be a possibility that something like "HKT48's Arena Concert, Curtain Opens With a Field Day" will make news. A bunch of things happened, and the news headline instead became 「<a href="http://www.oricon.co.jp/news/2036046/full/">Sashiko, "Pressured" Into Wearing A Bloomer By Herself</a>」......
    </p>

    <p>
      In order to make HKT48 as a group bigger, it's not enough to just entertain the people who come to see us. You have to think about entertaining the public as well.
    </p>

    <h4 id="create-an-ace-change-the-batting-orders-part-1-create-support-the-center">Create An Ace, Change The Batting Orders, Part 1: Create, Support the Center</h4>

    <p>
      The center, in a literal sense, means the member that stands in the middle of the group.
    </p>

    <p>
      In HKT48, Haruppi (Kodama Haruka) from the first generation and Tashima (Meru) and (Tomonaga) Mio from the second generation stand as center.  The three of them as idols have talent and they're hard-working so I think they are suitable centers.
    </p>

    <p>
      If you think about it using the Sousenkyo rankings, (Miyawaki) Sakura woudl be better suited for it.      
    </p>

    <p>
      However, an Idol senpai once said, "It would be better if the most popular person wasn't in the middle. Once the most popular person stands in the middle, she will attract all the popularity so it's actually not good for the group."
    </p>

    <p>
      I can definitely understand that.
    </p> 

    <p>
      There are a lot of other girls that want to be center.
    </p>

    <p>
      To be real, sparks fly between members about whether or not they will be several lines behind the senbatsu members or becoming senbatsu members before that can happen.
    </p>

    <p>
      Some people may feel bad but my personal thought is that there should be bias towards an "oshi" in the group.
    </p>

    <p>
      It's impossible to suddenly get people to have interest in the entire group. First, give the spot to a certain amount of people and reliably get others interested in them. By doing that, the interest will eventually spread to the entire group. There's no other way but this.
    </p>

    <p>
      If there are members that come up to me and ask, "Why is that member the center", I answer, "It's for HKT48's sake." "If she goes down, we all go down. If HKT48 doesn't do well, then you're not going to do well. For now, do not do things for yourself but for the sake of HKT48", is something I would say.
    </p>

    <h4 id="create-an-ace-change-the-batting-orders-part-2-give-everyone-a-chance">Create An Ace, Change the Batting Orders, Part 2: Give Everyone A Chance</h4>

    <p>
      First, while making the ace conspicuous, I thought about wanting to give the other members a chance.
    </p>

    <p>
      For the Kyushu tour, for each of the seven prefectures, I put in and switched out the unit members and gave solo parts to the members that belonged to a certain prefecture. It connects well with the member's motivation and it increases the possibility for the fans to "discover" them.
    </p>

    <p>
      "Oshis aren't something you change, they are something you add."
    </p>

    <p>
      This is something that I said for MC in a theater performance during my time as a kenkyuusei. Even now, people still tell me that it's a pretty famous quote. I don't remember at all when and in what situation I said that. Did I actually say that?
    </p>

    <p>
      Putting that aside.
    </p>

    <p>
      「Oshi」 is the abbreviation for 「Oshimen」. It's a term used in Idol culture to mean the member that you support the most. To fans, there can only be one oshi. If you start to like another person, that is a 「Oshihen」. But your oshi doesn't have to be just one person you know?
    </p>

    <p>
      At the end of the day, I think a really strong group is able to compete with the center no matter who it is.
    </p>

    <p>
      That's why I want to raise as many stars as possible. I want to increase our amount of stars.
    </p>

    <p>
      It can't be helped if I become number one by myself. I want to become number one with the rest of HKT48.
    </p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
