<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Chapter 3</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">
	  <p>When you hear the name, “Sashihara Rino”. what are some of the images that come to mind? “Hetare” right?</p>

	  <p>I didn’t choose that type of character on my own. Before I knew it, I had become that kind of character.</p>

	  <p>Actually, I have a turnabout story about this. I will first begin with that story.</p>

	  <h4 id="the-bungee-jump">The Bungee Jump</h4>

	  <p>Among the pinches that I’ve had, the one that fits the among the number of predicaments that I can count with my fingers was when I had to do bungee jumping for a variety show (TV Tokyo,『Shukan AKB』broadcasted on September 25, 2009, “The 1st Gutsy Queen Championship”).</p>

	  <p>It was a 42 meter (approx. 138 feet) jump from a bridge.</p>

	  <p>The more senior members, Tomochin-san (Itano Tomomi), Tomo~mi-chan (Kasai Tomomi), and then (Nito) Moeno from the same generation as me went ahead, jumped, and succeeded. I was the fourth to go.</p>

	  <p>I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t jump.</p>

	  <p>This is pretty bad. This isn’t looking good. At the time, I couldn’t even make the Sousenkyo Senbatsu and any status I had left was now barely hanging on.</p>

	  <p>It’s not like I have an intense fear of heights. Of course I was afraid of tall heights but it's not so bad that I would lose conciousness. But I didn’t jump. I just didn’t want to die!</p>

	  <p>If it was a rollercoaster, I would have been fine. You get on the rollercoaster and while you’re on it, it moves for you. Bungee jumping however, it doesn’t start unless you do something. That's not for me.</p>

	  <p>I mean, you become just one step closer to death. If you don’t do it, the possibility of you dying is zero percent. But if you do it, the possibility of dying rises from zero percent to how ever many percent it may be. Why do I have to do something like that of my own will?</p>

	  <p>I don’t want to die at all. I'm all about living with that mindset of not wanting to die. All the way. I just want to live happily.</p>

	  <p>In the studio, I proclaimed, "I'm going to do it the next time!!" The TV staff were nice about it and immediately, I was able to try it agian.</p>

	  <p>I practice for many days at Iketani Yukio's gymnastics club and attempted to bungee jump at Yomiuri land. It was a 22 meter drop (approx. 72 feet). You know that it's just a regular attraction at an amusment park right?</p>

	  <p>I couldn't jump</p>

	  <p>I just didn't want to get closer to death!</p>

	  <h4 id="the-opportunity-of-hetare">The Opportunity of Hetare</h4>

	  <p>Ever since my failure at bungee jumping was broadcasted, people around me started calling me “Hetare.”</p>

	  <p>At first, I didn’t know that “hetare” was supposed to be an insult. I took it the same way as Mayuyu (Watanabe Mayu) being called “CG” so I thought that they were giving me a character. I have very little pride so even after I realized that they were insults, I was like, “I don’t really mind as long as they think it’s interesting.”</p>

	  <p>After about two years, Akimoto-san told me, “You have a ton of fans who support your hetare character” and I’m like, “Ah ok. Lucky!” As for the hetare character, I thought that if other people said that I’m a hetare character, then I guess I was and just went along with it.</p>

	  <p>Can I say the truth though?</p>

	  <p>At the time, I didn’t think that I was hetare.</p>

	  <p>I started being called hetare because I couldn’t do the bungee jump but not jumping without being afraid of the eyes of the staff in the first place, I think, is not hetare. In fact, it takes guts. You’d need to be pretty brave to say that you’re going to conquer it the second time, have all the grownups do all this work for you, and then not jump.</p>

	  <p>But there’s no mistake that the opportunity of the hetare character was born from that time when I refused to bungee jump. Thanks to this type of character being spread around, my situation began to quickly change.</p>

	  <h4 id="you-dont-make-a-character-you-accept-it">You Don’t Make A Character, You Accept It</h4>

	  <p>I believe that in order to stand out or find a place where you belong within a group, having a character is important. And I think that there are many people who are worried about that. I have my own theory about having a character.</p>

	  <p>A character is something you don’t make yourself, it’s something you accept.</p>

	  <p>It’s probably a good idea to avoid deciding what kind of character you’re going with. If you stick with that character too much, there’s a huge danger that you’ll fall out of place within the group.</p>

	  <p>There also might not be much benefit in going out and saying you are a certain character. You, by youself, won’t have much impact. I think that a character is something that others eventually accept once others around you acknowledge and find it interesting.</p>

	  <p>In the beginning you should play it safe and make youself the person with nothing special about them. Afterwards, you just wait patiently until the people around you begin telling you, “OO, you seem to be a XX character.” Then go along with it. It’d be good to not deny the character that others had gone out of their way to give you.</p>

	  <p>However, following through with a character that won’t eventually be hard to do later is the ideal case. Try out for awhile, just how much of a certain character you can really become and if you feel that you don’t like it for even a little bit, I think it’d be a good idea to switch character.</p>

	  <p>For example, if you can establish a <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burikko">burikko</a> character as persistently as Milky (Watanabe Miyuki), then I think a burikko character is OK. But a lukewarm burikko, will be looked down upon within a group of girls.</p>

	  <p>Seeing whether a character thrown at you fits you or not, is something that you yourself should make sure to do.</p>

	  <h4 id="between-doing-it-or-not-doing-it-do-it">Between Doing It or Not Doing It, Do It</h4>

	  <p>There are many times when one might say something like “That’s not for me.” That’s not how I feel.</p>

	  <p>For example, let’s say on a variety TV show, you’ve been suddenly told to do an imitation of someone or something. I’ll casually do anything based on the situation. I don’t think that’s embarassing or anything at all.</p>

	  <p>This part about me makes me think about how little pride I have. It’s pride that barely reaches the ground. Pride that’s barely on the horizon.</p>

	  <p>But I’m glad that I don’t have much pride.</p>

	  <p>You get embarrased by looking at people who seem embarrased. Just by being embarrassed, they're going to mess up.</p>

	  <p>I don’t really feel embarrassed if someone brings up to me dirty jokes. If I said something like, “Please stop that - it’s embarrassing”, then the flow of the conversation stops. I don’t think there’s any need to go take the initiative and start talking about dirty jokes. If you respond back with something like, “Don’t say such weird things~”, the flow of the conversation won’t stop.</p>

	  <p>Throwing away your pride is beneficial in many ways. There are a lot of jobs where you might think, “Why do I have to do this. I don’t want to do it” but between doing it and not doing it, doing it has more benefit.</p>

	  <p>Even in cases where you’re made to do something that you think that you can’t do, just doing it is definitely much better. It’s a waste of time to be worrying in the first place. Try to cut the time spent worrying as much as you can.</p>

	  <p>There will be times where I’ll think “That didn’t make any sense” or “What was with that job” but “doing something is better than nothing.”</p>

	  <p>Doing a certain job and your value drops or not doing and your value drops. Between the lesser of two evils, I think it’d be the former.</p>

	  <p>Feel free to worry about if it’s embarrassing or if there’s any meaning to it. But between doing and not doing, do it.</p>

	  <h4 id="building-a-character-through-being-teased">Building a Character Through Being Teased</h4>

	  <p>In the end, perhaps to talk about characters is to talk about pride. “That's not for my character.” That kind of talking is filled with pride.</p>

	  <p>Maybe if I was much cuter, I would have much more pride. If I was a more beautiful looking person, I might have thought that just being pretty would be enough. But there’s no point in being just a quiet, pretty woman with no kind of character.</p>

	  <p>I definitely think it’s better to have little pride.</p>

	  <p>For example, having small breasts is one of the complexes that I have and people may feel sorry for me about that. But there’s no way for me to fix it.</p>

	  <p>If that’s the case, making the attempt to bring it up myself and taking it to a more fun direction is much better. Rather than hiding it, I think saying it without feeling embarrassed is better.</p>

	  <p>I think what gets to people and makes them feel hurt is that they think their complexes are “embarrassing.” If that’s so, then throw away those feelings of embarassment. I’m a rather nonchalant person. Or rather, surprisingly, a lot of parts about me are pretty American.</p>

	  <p>It’s the same regarding topics about me being ugly. When I was in Oita, I thought that I was somewhat cute. But when I came to Tokyo, it was completely different. I remember calling myself ugly before anyone else did. I guess I was told that on sites like 2Channel pretty early on though.</p>

	  <p>Earlier I said, there was no point in being a quiet, pretty woman but I think that an unfriendly ugly person is terrible.</p>

	  <p>If I told everyone around me, “Please don’t call me ugly”, they’d say, “Yeah sure, but I don’t have anything else to say.” They’d have no choice but to be careful about what they say to me. But if I said, “Yeah go ahead, call me ugly!”, then they may tease me about it. </p>

	  <p>If they tease me, then I too can put myself forward in the form of reactions. Building one’s own character through being teased by others around you. That’s how the woman known as Sashihara Rino got out into the world.</p>

	  <p>Originally, I’m a person with no pride so I’m okay with getting teased but there maybe many other people that are not okay with that. You might think it sucks. In these cases, just think that it’s for your own sake and bear with it.</p>

	  <p>If there’s something you’re able to do within your own abilities, then you don’t need to be teased by others, but if you think there’s nothing within your abilities that you can do, then rely what you can rely on. Because, you know that even if you're not an interesting person, the people around you make you out to be interesting right?</p>

	  <h4 id="breaking-barriers-through-teasing">Breaking Barriers Through Teasing</h4>

	  <p>I’m going to go a little off topic here but there are merits in teasing a chracter because it makes one seem friendly.</p>

	  <p>This April, (Kimoto) Kanon from SKE48 is going to have a concurrent position in HKT48. At the beginning of the concert that marks the start of her activities as a concurrent member (AKB48 Group HaruCon in Saitama Super Area ~ Omoide wa Zenbu Koko ni Suteteike ~), I introduced her but I also suddenly teased her about her chin.</p>

	  <p>“SKE48 fans, don’t get angry but is it OK if I tease her about her chin?” She has quite the chin.</p>

	  <p>The moment Kanon said, “It’s OK!”, one of the barriers between us as members disappeared and I think it also set her up to be received well by HKT48 fans. I’m sure there were fans that opposed the concurrency position because they’d think that if a member who’s doing well in SKE48 joined, then their own oshimen might fall out of favor.</p>

	  <p>Instead of treating her like a princess and a guest, showing that she’s “one of us” through teasing her benefits not only HKT48, but Kanon and the rest of the fans as well.</p>

	  <p>By the way, I did ask her for her permission to tease her about her chin before the concert. Since she said it was ok, I went ahead and did it. I guess in that situation, the only thing she could say was “yes”......</p>

	  <h4 id="other-people-discover-who-you-are">Other People Discover Who You Are</h4>

    <p>Looks like I wasn’t really off topic. Bear with me here a little longer.</p>
    
    <p>The group I belong to, HKT48, also has activities in television.</p>

	  <p>
	  	As of July 2014, our regular TV shows are:
	  	<ul>
	  		<li>『HKT48 no Odekake! (TBS)』</li>
	  		<li>『HKT Variety 48 (Kyushu Asahi)』</li>
	  		<li>『HKT48 no Goboten (TV Nishi Nippon)』</li>
	  		<li>『HKT Shakariki 48!(Kyushu Asahi)』</li>
	  		<li>『HKT no 「Hokamina」 ~ Sono Hoka no Minasan ~ (NOTTV) 』</li>
	  	</ul>
	  </p>

	  <p>I get a lot of opportunities doing MC for those shows. After doing MC a lot by myself, I began to strongly feel that as MC, getting members to move the way I want them to benefits both the members and the TV show. It’s a terrible thing to say, but it’s very real.</p>

	  <p>If you get handed a character on TV, you can also carry that to the theater and fight your way in the entertainment industry with that weapon. For an MC to give a person a certain character means to say that, “This part about you is interesting.” You shouldn’t be able to move forward if you deny something like that.</p>

	  <p>There is no such thing as “your real self.”</p>

	  <p>There’s no such thing as your “natural self.”</p>

	  <p>I think that “who you are” is something that people discover for you.</p>

	  <p>This is the conclusion that I’ve come up with after experiencing various things.</p>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
