<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Chapter 8</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

    <p>I rarely forget myself.</p>

    <p>I don't like doing something like going out at night and go drinking like crazy. I've never been to a bar once in my life. Places like clubs are scary to me.</p>

    <p>Surprisingly, I get told that I'm serious a lot. That's not it. I don't want to lose sight of myself for even a second.</p>

    <p>Even if something difficult comes up, I'll sleep it away.</p>

    <p>I can do it even in situations where it's like "how are you able to sleep in the first place?" After joining AKB48, there hasn't been one night where I haven't been able to sleep due to worrying.</p>

    <p>Things will be alright if I think it will be alright. Changing attitudes is important. Convincing yourself are important.</p>
    
    <p>It may just simply be because I was born with that kind of personality but there are various things I have in mind that I've come up with. I will talk about how to create the strong feelings needed to active "Gyakutenryoku."</p>
    
    <h4 id="being-able-to-turn-anything-into-a-positive">Being Able to Turn Anything Into A Positive</h4>

    <p>The members usually say to me, "Sasshi, you're really positive."</p>

    <p>When it looks like something terrible is going to happen or when they feel uneasy, the members asked me, "Sasshi, stay with me." They sometimes depend on me, saying "Because I feel like things will be okay if I'm with you."</p>

    <p>I think it means my ability to believe is strong.</p>
   
    <p>I think a pinch is a pinch. But I believe and convince myself that "this is a chance." If I strongly believe that, it will turn out the way that I want it to be.</p>
   
    <p>You might think that I'm starting to sound like some sort of evangelist but it's more simpler than that.</p>

    <p>No matter how negative the situation is, you can turn it into a plus depending on your way of thinking. It's about how you use your head.</p>
   
    <p>I had a talk with a young member of HKT48. "I didn't get placed within the first 80 spots in the early rankings (the amount of total votes on the first day of the voting period of the Sousenkyo)" I don't know what to do if this keeps up."</p>
   
    <p>I told her, "For now, just believe."</p>

    <p>"It might be a good thing that you didn't get in the early rankings. It'll make the fans want you to get ranked and it'll be eventful that way if you didn't get rank in the early rankings but end up ranking in the real thing. That's why for now, just believe that you will definitely rank."</p>
   
    <p>If she didn't get into the rankings in the end, I think I would have said something like, "Wouldn't it be interesting to be able to have a story where you didn't rank this year but then rank the following year?"</p>
   
    <p>It's exactly the same thing with what I said in the fourth chapter, "If you try really  hard to look for the flip side of things, you'll find them anywhere." Depending on your way of thinking, you can convert any negative into a positive.</p>

    <h4 id="express-what-you-like-incessantly">Express What You Like Incessantly</h4>

    <p>I think it's a good idea to keep on saying positive things. Because you have no idea what will be lead to what kind of job. Thanks to whoever remembered what I like or what I think is fun, the amount of things that were like a dream come true are not few and far between.</p>

   <p>For example, I really like Asano Inio-san's mangas. When I said that in a bunch of places, <a href="http://yuuha2.tumblr.com/post/17099787329">it led to me having a talk with him through a magazine</a>.</p>
   
    <p>That's not all. Right after my transfer to HKT48 was decided, in order to help me feel better, <a href="http://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mdw5tv30xk1qk1lllo9_1280.jpg">Asano-san drew a drawing of me and gave it to me as a present</a>. I'm not the kind of person who has attachment to physical things but that drawing is my most prized possession.</p>

    <p>I was also emotional when I made a guest appearance on a certain music show (「Sakigake! Ongaku Bandzuke ~Eight~」May 3rd, 2012 broadcast).</p>
   
    <p>I was able to make an appearance with Kumai-chan (Kumai Yurina) from Berryz Koubou who I've loved ever since I was an H!P wota in Oita and kept saying that I liked over and over again even after I joined AKB48.</p>
   
    <p>I would have been happy with just that but <a href="https://youtu.be/qAmG5hLzs8E">Kumai-chan brought with her a fan letter that I wrote to her when I was in middle school in Oita</a>.</p>

    <p>Because my old self put those feelings into words, my feelings reached Kumai-chan. Because I continued saying that I liked her, I was able to meet her through a TV show.</p>
   
    <p>I thought that it makes one want to try expressing themselves. In fact, in regards to what you like, whoever speaks up about what they like wins.</p>

    <h4 id="become-intoxicated-in-yourself">Become Intoxicated In Yourself</h4>

    <p>One of the reasons I can feel happy is because I'm the type of person who gets intoxicated in myself.</p>

    <p>Last year, I produced Kaotan's (Matsumura Kaori, Forever SKE48) solo debut.</p>
   
    <p> Since creating Idol songs was one of my aspirations I chose a song out of thirty candidates by myself and I also wrote the lyrics to the song. In the beginning, I chose the word "Matsumurabu" and after I found a song with a beginning and end chorus that fits a 5 character word, I wrote it all up on my smartphone in one shot. I was in the plane from Tokyo to Fukuoka so I think it took me about an hour.</p>
   
    <p>When I asked about it later on, it seems that Akimoto-san decides songs the same way as well. He says that he decides on a word and then chooses a song that fits that word.</p>

    <p>And that's how the song, "Matsumurabu", was created. When I re-listen to it now, I pat myself on the back saying that it's great. The lyrics, especially the lyrics, are great.</p>
   
    <p>I must say, I love my life.</p>
   
    <p>I don't have confidence in my appearance or my personality but I have a ton of confidence in my own life. I think my life is the greatest and the happiest. I am confident that I won't lose to anyone concerning that.</p>

    <p>That's why no matter how much I'm made to play the bad guy, no matter what kinds of terrible things are said to me, I'm able to think that I'll be fine because my life is perfect.</p>

    <h4 id="change-attitudes-right-after-being-praised">Change Attitudes Right After Being Praised</h4>
   
    <p>It's great to praise myself but I'm happier being praised by others.</p>
   
    <p>I'm not the type of person who doesn't have opinions. I'm the type of person who <em>has</em> them. But if I'm praised on something that I don't even realize myself, I'm going to go with that idea.</p>

    <p>There was an impressionable happening where I completely felt that I was good at changing attitudes quickly.</p>
   
    <p>Many times the character of whoever is first place in Sousenkyo is reflected upon the song that the senbatsu Sousenkyo members sing. To give an easy example, because (Oshima) Yuko-chan became first place, the energetic song known as "Heavy Rotation" was born.</p>
   
    <p>In 2013, I was also first place. I wondered what kind of song that Akimoto-san would make for me. I was thinking that this can't be good. Because I was told earlier on something like, "Sashihara's a weird person so I'll write a Bon Odori song."</p>

    <p>The finished song was called 『Koi Suru Fortune Cookie』.</p>
   
    <p>Can I just say something?</p>
   
    <p>When I first heard this song, I didn't like it at all. It had a slow tempo and it wasn't fast paced. I thought it was a terrible song!</p>

    <p>What I want in an Idol song is a fast paced tempo. When I told that to Akimoto-san, he said to me, "I can write the type of song that you like with my eyes closed." If that's so, he should have done that instead.....</p>
   
    <p>But when it actually released, it received really great reviews. Even Tamori-san told me, "The moment I heard it after one listen, I thought it was a really great song", and both (Chihara) Junia-san and (Watanabe) Naomi-san said they bought the song. There hasn't been a song that had been praised that much by other people. Around the time when I started to slowly come to that realization, <a href="https://youtu.be/H1EwgwyGIp8">the song started to spread to around the society in a form that had never been seen until now</a>.</p>
   
    <p>As a result, I changed my thoughts entirely.</p>

    <p>"This song is a great song!"</p>
   
    <p>I'm really quick at changing my mind. If everyone else says it's a good song, then I'll seriously think that it's a good song too.</p>
   
    <p>My opinion might not change for the other way though. Even if other people say it's a bad song, as long as I think it's a good song then it's a good song. That part probably won't change much.</p>

    <p>But now if others will give me praise then it's better to switch to the other opinion or idea. It's annoying to watch someone be weirdly stubborn. I think it's the happier choice to go with the opinion of others.</p>

    <h4 id="listen-to-only-praise">Listen To Only Praise</h4>
   
    <p>Either way, I want to be praised. I'm a person who thrives on praise. Of course, I do get warned by the staff. Akimoto-san has also given me harsh words.</p>
   
    <p>But basically, I only listen to the positive things. I'm a terrible woman.</p>

    <p>When you get a warning, there's a compliment that comes with it too. Like, "This part about this was good. But...." To my ears, I can only hear what comes before "but." "This part about this thing was not good. But there were good parts as well." To my ears, I can only hear what comes after "but."</p>
   
    <p>In fortune telling as well, I only believe in the good things. If the fortune teller tells me, "Such and such currently has bad fortune in such manner. However....", I only care about what comes after "however."</p>
   
    <p>I ignore the negatives.</p>

    <h4 id="the-biggest-principle-is-to-not-cause-others-trouble">The Biggest Principle Is To "Not Cause Others Trouble"</h4>

    <p>So am I beginning to seem like a crazy person?</p>
   
    <p>But I'm the type of person who doesn't want to cause others trouble. You might be thinking, "Well, you're the one to talk" because of the scandal but......please listen.</p>
   
    <p>For example, if I only have ten minutes to put on makeup because I overslept, that's fine with me but I'd be scared if I overslept and it took up other people's time.</p>

    <p>When I starred as one of the main roles for the first time in the drama, 『Muse no Kagami』, again I didn't want to cause trouble to other actors and staff because I didn't know my lines so I made sure that I memorized my lines.</p>
   
    <p>I abide by the law so as to not cause trouble to others.</p>
   
    <p>Even if I'm going to a convenience store that's very close by, I make sure to press the pedestrian crossing button and wait. No matter how empty the roads may be late at night, even if I can't see a single car in plain sight, I won't cross unless it's green.</p>

    <p>I don't like to run across when the signal is blinking. The people who see that will get nervous and it's a nuisance.</p>
   
    <p>I think I have a decent amount of common sense. I may have broken Renai Kinshi but aside from that, I follow all the rules.</p>
   
    <p>You only have one life so I think you can do whatever you want. However, as long as it doesn't cause others trouble!</p>

    <p>It may be the biggest principle to my way of thinking.</p>

    <h4 id="convince-yourself-that-its-for-your-own-sake">Convince Yourself That It's For Your Own Sake</h4>
   
    <p>In the end, I think I only think about myself. I only live for myself. I do only things that become my achievements. In companies, people are probably like that as well. I think you should do it if you try hard at work and people around you say like, "We were able to come this far thanks to you" but first, don't go out of your way to participate in work that won't be like that.</p>
   
    <p>In HKT48, I am the same in that respect. I work very hard at jobs for the group because I'm happy when people tell me "Good job Sashihara." In fact, you can even say that I try hard only because I want people to say those kinds of things to me.</p>

    <p>I'm a <em>really</em> dirty person.</p>
   
    <p>It's pretty sad.</p>

    <h4 id="i-am-happiest-when-others-are-happy">I Am Happiest When Others Are Happy</h4>
   
    <p>Despite the fact that I'm just a really twisted person, I am most happiest when other people are happy. I am happiest when other people are happy because of something that I did.</p>

    <p>That's why I love to give people presents. Since a long time ago, I often don't spend money on myself. I'd rather spend money on other people and it gets me excited. I also usually treat my kouhai out a lot.</p>
   
    <p>The first time a senpai treated me out to somewhere was (Oshima) Yuko-chan. When the four of us from Not Yet (Oshima Yuko, Kitahara Rie, Yokoyama Yui, and me) went to go to karaoke, she paid for all for us as if it was a pretty normal thing to do. She said she felt that it's actually embarrassing to make the kouhai pay.</p>
   
    <p>I thought, "Ah, I see." People who have money should be the ones to spread the wealth around.</p>

    <p>When I go out eating with Takamina-san (Takahashi Minami), she will definitely treat me out. "Yeah, that's totally fine." I just tried mimicking her right now.</p>
   
    <p>When Mariko-sama (Shinoda Mariko) took me out to get a facial massage, I wondered, "How can such nice people exist?!" I mean, facial massages are really expensive.I began to think that this is the kind of person that I'd want to be.</p>

    <p>I think this way of thinking is easy to understand. Do things for people that would make you happy as if it were done to you.</p>
   
    <p>After I started to properly receive money from work, I became able to treat out my kouhai. I understood that it feels really good seeing others get all happy. I liked to give presents in the past, but now I can do it more than ever.</p>
   
    <p>I remember the kindness of others. I also remember my grudges towards others though. I'm very persistent in both of them.</p>

    <p>I wonder what kind of woman am I.</p>
   
    <p>I guess mystery just gets deeper, huh?</p>

    <h4 id="you-wont-lose-if-you-dont-fight">You Won't Lose If You Don't Fight</h4>
   
    <p>And now, I shall tell a super special secret that I've saved for last. It's a secret of life that I've told to no one else other than members who are at a complete loss as what to do.</p>

    <p>Basically, I don't compete head on.</p>
   
    <p>I've said this many times by now but I <em>always</em> change the conditions. I will either search for a method that will end something without me competiting or I will try to create a situation where I can fight on my own terms.</p>
   
    <p>I may have not cared much about winning or losing in the first place . If you do care, you'll have a life full of losses. If you don't care, you win. Right?</p>

    <p>When I think about it that way, the only thing in my life where I compete head on with other people might only be the Sousenkyo. Ah, arguing over the Internet is different. During those times, I don't want to lose at all.</p>
   
    <p>Back to the subject.</p>
   
    <p>So this was during the first Sousenkyo (July 8th, 2009).</p>

    <p>At the time, the first 21 places were the Senbatsu team. I wasn't aiming too high but I definitely wanted to get into Senbatsu if I could.</p>
   
    <p>The result was 1170 votes, 27<sup>th</sup> place.</p>
   
    <p>I kept on crying ever since I gave my speech. Even backstage, I cried for two hours.</p>

    <p>Now that I look back, it was the most frustrating moment in my life. The frustration I felt at the time was even greater than the frustration I felt when I got second place in this year's Sousenkyo. I thought that I would never be able to enter senbatsu in my life. The Sousenkyo itself was being held for the first time as a test so I didn't know how much influence it had. I actually didn't get into senbatsu until I got the place in the next Sousenkyo of the following year.</p>
   
    <p>So as a result, I began sulking.</p>

    <p>I think that if that happened now, I would've stopped sulking and changed attitudes in a second. I still had a long ways to go during this time. I was super negative. If I had some reason to leave, there's a good possibiliy that I would have left AKB48.</p>
   
    <p>That's why there was no part afterwards where I used my feelings of frustration of not getting into senbatsu to try my best until the next year. There was not one part where I leveraged my frustration to try harder by changing my character to be even more geared towards variety and my rank jumped up the following year as a result.</p>

   <p>I will say it one more time.</p>

    <p>I began sulking.</p>
   
    <p>We have phrases like "driven by frustration" or "driven by regret."</p>
   
    <p>I can't be driven by frustration. I'm the type to go, "Damn, this sucks" and feel depressed if I get frustrated.</p>

    <p>That was something that I understood from a long time ago. On school tests, I never thought even once that if the first time was bad, I would try the next time. I just get depressed like, "Oh, looks like that's the best I can do."</p>
   
    <p>Because I understand that I'm that kind of person, I have to forget things that I feel frustrated about right away. I have to put it behind me and pretend my frustration didn't exist.</p>
   
    <p>At around the time of the first Sousenkyo, I wasn't able to do that. I wasn't aware. Now, I'm already fine. As long as I get a full night of sleep, I can completely forget about it.</p>

    <p>But, there's a better way. That is, not fighting in the first place. If you don't fight, you won't lose.</p>
   
    <p>For me, the most important thing is not winning, but rather, not losing.</p>

    <h4 id="there-are-no-rivals">There Are No Rivals</h4>
   
    <p>I think I'm probably lacking the will to compete with other people.</p>

    <p>I haven't had a rival in the past. I've never thought about comparing myself to another person and seeing where I'm lacking or catching up to another person, or creating one in order to grow myself and I don't look around me and think that I should have rivals.</p>
   
    <p>There was a memorable event where I clearly realized that.</p>
   
    <p>I have a group of friends known as the "Chihou-gumi" who lived together for just a month right after we came to Tokyo.</p>

    <p>The members were Kitahara Rie and Nakanishi Yuuka from Aichi, Oya Shizuka from Fukuoka, and a member who already graduated. We were a group of five girls all around the same age who lived together.</p>
   
    <p>We woke up early, went to lessons, learned dance choreography, did voice training, came home late, practiced by ourselves more after coming home, fooled around like idiots, get tired, then went to sleep. Our dinners were leftovers from lunch at the lesson so we asked them to give use large portions so that we could share it amongst ourselves.</p>
   
    <p>We kept going back and forth from our home to our lesson together, everyday for 24 hours. At the time, there still wasn't anything that to compete about like waking up earlier or having practice with another team. I think that's why the five of us were able to get along so well.</p>

    <p>I think that everyone coming from somewhere else outside of Tokyo was also another big reason. Once you say you're going to be an Idol and you go to the city, the people back at home will talk about you. You can't come back home in disgrace while the people are talking about you. It's a disservice to your parents who supported your dreams and gave money to support you. Wanting to return home as a hero makes us want to work hard away from home. We all shared the same feelings.</p>
   
    <p>I think that I was really lucky to quickly be able to find friends important to me and whom I'd want to be together with.</p>
   
    <p>My feelings stopped at being just friends.</p>

    <p>This was a while after the Chihou-gumi started living separately from each other.</p>
   
    <p>Kitahara (Rie) who is the same generation as me, started appearing on TV more often. The other Chihou-gumi members called my phone crying. "Kitahara is getting more and more work and yet I have nothing to do......."</p>
   
    <p>That's when I realized it for the first time. "Oh, so people carry those kinds of feelings."</p>

    <p>I was also in the exact same situation as that member. Yet, all I felt towards Kitahara was wanting to wish her "Congratulations." I didn't feel as if "I lost to this person" at all.</p>
   
    <p>There may be many members who think of me as their rival. But I don't think of anyone else as a rival. It's not that I'm taking them lightly, it's just that I never had a sense of rivalry in me in the first place.</p>

    <h4 id="not-being-good-with-people-of-the-same-age">Not Being Good With People of the Same Age</h4>
   
    <p>Allow me to continue my previous story a little longer.</p>

    <p>I am humble with my senpai. With kouhai, I can become nice.</p>
   
    <p>For people older than me, it's safe if I "look up to them" and it's okay if I'm somewhat "more casual" with people younger than me.</p>
   
    <p>If I put it that way, the ones who are the most difficult for me to communicate with might be people who are the same age as me. It's incredibly unclear as to how I should behave with them.</p>

    <p>For example, Miichan (Minegishi Minami) and I are the same age and our birthdays are only six days apart but if lets say that we were in the same generation, I'm not sure if I would've been able to get along with her. Miichan is an AKB48 "orimen" (an original member from the first audition) and since she is a senpai, I was able to gain her favor by completely going like, "Senpai!" so we got along and we were able to create the relationship that we have now. If that wasn't so, I wonder how it might have turned out.</p>
   
    <p>When I look back at all my past experiences until now, it seems that having a senpai-kouhai relationship strangely makes it easier for me to get along with others.</p>
   
    <p>It probably might become easier for people of the same age to hold some sort of sense of rivalry with me. Even if I don't feel that way, the other person will.</p>

    <p>But I don't want to think that "I've won against someone" or that "I've lost against someone." I don't compare myself with other people and make my feelings go up and down depending if I win or lose.</p>
   
    <p>I believe that I am who I am. <em>All the time</em>. Constantly.</p>

    <h4 id="dont-set-goals">Don't Set Goals</h4>
   
    <p>Either way, I don't want to fight.</p>

    <p>I don't want to fight with others and I don't want to fight with myself.</p>
   
    <p>That's why I don't set my goals.</p>
   
    <p>Once you decide goals, you begin to fight against them.</p>

    <p>If you're not able to reach your goal, you'll think, "Looks like I was only able to make it this far." You'll think that you have lost against yourself.</p>
   
    <p>If you don't have goals, you'll be able to think that, "Yes! I've made it this far."</p>
   
    <p>We can enjoy our lives more happily if we see what we have done instead of what we have not done yet.</p>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
