<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Chapter 7</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>CHAPTER 7</h1>
  <h1>Turning "Haters" Into Strength, -Sashihara-style Work Techniques</h1>
  
	<br/><br/>

  <p>The work of an Idol is an earnest accumulation of hard work.</p>

  <p>We memorize songs and dances, practice together, with teammates and perform in front of all the fans. The Idols of today aren't viewed by just their looks but their character as well so they have to polish their MC skills. We have to painstakingly update passages the text that we write ourselves onto our blogs and Twitter accounts. And there are many more things to do. It's pretty tough.</p>

  <p>I have jobs by myself as an entertainer. As an HKT48 theater manager, it's also my job to hand in ideas for concert setlists.</p>

  <p>The technical aspects are important and so is knowing how to preserve your motivation. In this chapter, I'd like to talk about my own thoughts regarding the work.</p>

  <h4>Getting Insulted is Part Of The Job</h4>

  <p>I think that getting flamed is also work.</p>

  <p>The antonym of the word "fan" is "hater". I have many haters.</p>

  <p>In an Idol group, it's absolutely necessary for such a person to take on the role of the bad guy to exist.</p>

  <p>Having someone where you can direct your insults together with everyone else makes exciting dialog and if that person doesn't exist, the dialog itself disappears.</p>

  <p>I know because when I was in Oita being an H!P wota, I made comments like "What is management doing pushing this girl!" on 2Channel. When I think back to my feelings at the time, I don't think my feelings were as strong as the words I said. It was just something in order to show off my oshi by saying, "rather than her, look at this girl".</p>

  <p>When you think about it like that, the insults aimed towards me aren't as strong as the person's feelings so I'm completely okay with it.</p>

  <p>Even if I happen to hear insults in my normal everyday life, I don't mind them at all.</p>

  <p>Adults ten to talk about the things they hate rather than the things they like. They won't go out of their way to talk about things they thought were "good" or "nice" but they'll immediately talk about things they "disliked". You get excited by what you don't like.</p>

  <p>I just think, "Wow, people are talking about me". "They think that I'm interesting".</p>

  <p>Even if I get insulted, even if there are a lot of people who hate me, I've become able to shrug it off by telling myself, "I am currently happy so that's fine."</p>

  <p>I have a family that supports me, I have the members who are both my colleagues and my friends, and on top of being able to achieve my dream of becoming an Idol, I earn money through it.</p>

  <p>Once I think about it that way, I'm always perfectly happy with the current situation.</p>
  
  <p>I am okay with being the bad guy for the rest of my life. I accept this role within the 48 Group!</p>

  <h4>Having Nothing To Talk About Is When It's Most Scary</h4>

  <p>They say that the reason why insults are made in the first place is because you care. Don't you think that sounds a bit optimistic?</p>

  <p>But if you didn't care, then there wouldn't even be any insults. If you turn that around 180 degrees, then wouldn't that be the same as liking something?</p>

  <p>For example, the mangaka, Kobayashi Yoshinori.</p>

  <p>There was a period where Yoshirin (Kobayashi Yoshinori) said that "he disliked Sashihara". What he wrote on his blog spread via the Internet and it even reached my ears.</p>

  <p>I thought, "Yay!".</p>

  <p>I talked and talked on TV and on radio shows that Yoshirin disliked me which made him dislike me even more and intensified the structure of the showdown.</p>

  <p>When a high-profile person publicly announces that he/she "dislikes me" the fans will go, "What the hell is up with this person" and the haters will get excited like, "Yeah! Yeah!". By going against the opinions of those who "dislike" me, the feelings of those who "like" me also get fired up.</p>

  <p>I believe that Idols make things exciting by having both people who like and dislike you. By having pros and cons, your popularity begins to swell up.</p>

  <p>Having nothing to talk about is when it's the scariest. Your fire will die out if you don't know throw more fuel into the fire so before that happens, it doesn't matter if you'll be "liked" or "disliked", find the fuel that will get people talking and throw it into the fire yourself.</p>

  <p>Even if I get flamed for it, I have confidence that I can control it. The reason why is because all I did was go on 2Channel as a kid. I'm good at controlling the fire.</p>
 
  <p>By the way, I was able to talk with Yoshirin and shook his hand afterwards.</p>

  <p>I said, "Please continue to support me as my No.1 hater," and he said, "I'll support you, as a hater of course."</p>

  <p>He was a nice person!</p>
  
  <h4>Instaniety is Prohibited</h4>
  
  <p>There is a good way and bad way for flaming. The bad way happens when you get angry by someone that provoked you and you immediately write something on the Internet on impulse.</p>

  <p>The thing that is important when you write something on Twitter or Gugutasu (Google+) is the flow and timing. It's more important than what you write. Prohibit instaneousness.</p>

  <p>The thing that is important when you write something on Twitter or Gugutasu (Google+) is the flow and timing. It's more important than what you write. Prohibit instaneousness.</p>

  <p>Immediately, saying what you think will only lead to arguments so first, you swallow your emotions. Hold it all in, think about how to make it benefit you, then write. Also consider the flow and the timing.</p>

  <p>My life is full of swallowing my emotions.</p>

  <p>But sometimes, I fight back.</p>

  <p>I look at all the weird things that people tweet me on Twitter. If there is a tweet that I can't help but feel uncomfortable with, I scroll through that person's profile. When I think it's okay, I reply back saying, "It hurts my feelings when you say things like that to me."</p>

  <p>The ones I don't want to be involved are the ones who write "w"* a lot and who stray from the point because I think that no matter what those kinds of people say, it'll be the same. I ignore them completely.</p>

  <p>The trick to extinguishing is not getting overly excited. If you don't want to bring up something again that's already been dealt with, it will just naturally go away.</p>

  <h4>Not Begin Liked By Everyone is a Given</h4>

  <p>Not even I can say that I was strong against haters in the beginning. Since my time as kenkyuusei, I checked 2 Channel almost everyday. I would be influenced by little insults from some person somewhere and feel terrible for days. Especially right after I started my blog, I couldn't help but find out what the reviews were for things that I wrote on my blog. </p>

  <p>During that time, I was moved to Team A (July 2010). This transfer had most definitely made me mentally stronger.</p>

  <p>Acchan (Maeda Atsuko), Tomochin-san, (Itano Tomomi), Takamina-san (Takahashi Minami), Mariko-sama (Shinoda Mariko), Kojiharu-san (Kojima Haruna)......It was a team of super senbatsu senpai who supported AKB48 since it's beginnings and pulled it up to being a popular group. Even from an entertainer's point of view, they were all pros.</p>

  <p>To become famous means to become watched by many other people. At that rate, the amount of people who say good things will grow and so will the people who will say insults at you. In a way, being disliked is more or less a given. Your body and mind won't hold up if you respond back to every single little thing.</p>

  <p>That's why the senpai don't check the Internet in the first place and even if they did, they don't care. Mentally, they were incredibly strong.</p>

  <p>That's why I should also maintain my own style without being depressed by someone disliking me. I think what helped me to become able to think like that was transferring to Team A.</p>

  <h4>What I Learned From 『Waratte Iitomo!』 The Attitude Of Having Fun</h4>

  <p>When I look back, I think my way of thinking changed bit by bit amongst the past encounters that I gained with other people.</p>

  <p>Upon creating my own stance on work, the most influential encounter was meeting Tamori-san from 『Waratte Iitomo!』</p>

  <p>I appeared as a regular in 『Iitomo!』from October 2011 until it's final episode on March 1st, 2014.</p>

  <p>I met many entertainers and celebrities and appeared on TV every week at the same time. There was even more opportunities for people to be able to get to know me and I became even more positive, thinking that maybe I too can make a push in TV.</p>

  <p>In the past, when I appeared on a TV show, I was set on making sure I'd leave a mark. Because of that, I'd get nervous, blow my fuse, and start going in circles. When I was with Tsuchida (Teruyaki)-san for 『Sashiko no Kuseni 〜Kono Bangumi wa AKB48 to wa Mattaku Kankei wa Arimasen』(January ~ September 2011 / TBS, Oita Broadcast) , he warned to me, "It's wrong to think that rudeness is interesting". I was <em>always</em> crying on the show.</p>

  <p>Yet I was able to relax and have fun since my first episode on 『Iitomo!』. I think that it might have been because I had somewhat grown up but I think the biggest reason was because of the air surrounding Tamori-san.</p>

  <p>Tamori-san has composure. I have never seen him be pressured for even a moment.</p>

  <p>I think because of Tamori-san's relaxed atmosphere, all the people around him become more relaxed. There wasn't a single person on 『Iitomo!』who was like me in the past who was concerned with "leaving behind results" or "settling it in one shot". There wasn't anybody who made others around them feel uncomfortable who was always trying to go like "Me! Me!".</p>

  <p>I also have come to think that I should have fun with the situation without going all out. I was originally the type of person who didn't get nervous on the job and I've completely gotten over it.</p>

  <p>I don't need to compare myself to what I can't do and what others can do. I don't need to compete, just have fun. I've began to hold more confidence in the way of thinking that I originally carried.</p>

  <h4>Don't Be Afraid of Failure</h4>

  <p>Can I tell a weird story?</p>

  <p>I've probably had an optimistic personality from the beginning. For the longest time, I've had no problem touching other people's stuff like their computers. Like, at all. Even if the entire screen turns blue and starts making weird noises, I'm completely confident that it wont break. I thin kit wouldn't break just from me playing with it. It's the same as thinking that there's no way that I'd get into an accident. There's no way that an unexpected misfortune would befall upon me.</p>

  <p>I mean because I've never seriously once in my life up until now felt I've been in any danger. I'd say maybe that the article about me from a weekly magazine was the extent of it.</p>

  <p>That's why I'm not afraid of failure. Even if I mess up, I'm confident that it won't turn out to be anything too serious.</p>

  <p>I'm not even worried about old age. I don't want to die. I want to live as long as possible.</p>

  <p>Even if I really messed up, I'll forget about it right away.</p>

  <p>If I feel that I've messed up or made a mistake, I'll definitely feel bad when it happens but I'll have forgotten about it an hour later.</p>

  <p>I don't look back. I think I can move forward that way in my case.</p>

  <h4>The Secret to Not Tensing Up Even On The Big Stage</h4>

  <p>Since I'm the type of person who doesn't look back, I don't really check my work. However the thing I look at, especially the TV shows that I do MC for, I make sure to watch the first few episodes that I appear in. I check what the show expects from me by checking out kind of editing is being used and which kinds of conversation is used during the broadcast.</p>
  
  <p>.....But, I guess I basically just don't watch the shows that I'm in.</p>

  <p>I don't know if that's the reason why I don't have feel like I'm an entertainer appearing on TV.</p>

  <p>On the rare chance that I did think that I was an entertainer was when there was a huge poster of myself on the Shibuya 109 building (June 2011, DVD「AKB ga Ippai 〜The Best Music Video〜」advertisement poster). It was because ever since I read about Shibuya in mangas as a kid, when I think of Tokyo, I think about Shibuya 109. A poster of myself was put up in a place that I knew from a long time ago. I got emotional and without thinking, went to go take a picture of it.</p>
  
  <p>Another thing where I felt just as happy was, as I talked about earlier, become a regular on 『Waratte Iitomo!』. I don't really watch TV in the first place so if I were to say that I don't know many TV shows, then yeah, I don't know many shows. But of course, I know 『Iitomo!』.</p>

  <p>In my case I want to appear because I know it. I'm happy to appear in a place I'm familiar with.</p>

  <p>Being able to go inside of Studio Alta in Shinjuku was another reason why I at first felt happy to appear on 『Iitomo!』. I want to know the behind-the-scenes about the places I'm familiar with, like their TV screen seems big but it's surprisingly small. I'm interested in knowing how it was made. Basically, I'm a fangirl.</p>

  <p>But then it's like, "well then just looking at it is fine, you just tell". And I'm probably okay with that too. I think that somewhere in me, I appear on TV feeling like a spectator.</p>
  
  <p>Maybe that's why I don't get nervous. Somewhere in my head I'm thinking that looking is fine as long as it's interesting.</p>

  <p>Lately that spectator feeling has gotten stronger. I don't really care about about I can do, I just have fun.</p>

  <p>After I started thinking like that, strangely I feel like I'm able to conduct myself well on the job. I think having a spirit of playfulness is surprisingly, or should I say unexpectedly, the most important thing when working.</p>

  <h4>Trust the People You Can Really Trust</h4>

  <p>There is something work-related that I noticed recently.</p>

  <p>You should trust in the people that you can really trust.</p>

  <p>By taking and passing the AKB48 audition, it means that you are in the position of requesting Akimoto-san to produce you, you are in the position of devoting yourself to him. That's why you should follow the things that Akimoto-san says. Even if it doesn't go well and you've decided to go produce yourself, continuing being in that person's care until the end makes sense.</p>

  <p>It's not good if you think, "Why am I being made to do these things?" while you're working. That's not fun at all.</p>

  <p>You don't need to make a point of feeling suspicious. You should for now, take the things you're told and thinking about what there is you can do about it.</p>

  <p>Lately, I feel like wanting to repay those people.</p>

  <p>I am here thanks to Akimoto-san. The one who pulled me up from the auditions is also Akimoto-san and the person who gave me the opportunity to transfer to HKT48 is Akimoto-san</p>

  <p>I must not let the 48 Group that Akimoto-san created die out. I live thinking that I must keep things interesting for the group.</p>

  <p>Repaying those who I can really believe in is my greatest motivation for my job.</p>

</body>
</html>
