<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Chapter 2</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>

<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

		<p>I feel that the year after joining AKB48 was time meant for discovering my own weapon. In this chapter, I talk about how I found and polished them.</p>

		<h4>Giving Up On “Traditional”</h4>

		<p>Once my activities as an AKB48 kenkyuusei began, I realized right away that being a traditional idol was impossible for me.</p>

		<p>But I <em>did</em> try in the beginning you know. When I was in Oita, I was somewhat confident since I thought I had a cute face. But at the auditions, when I looked at the other girls, it slowly dawned on me that Tokyo was on another level.</p>

		<p>When I was promoted from kenkyuusei to an official member, I finally gave up. It wasn’t just a problem about looks, but I just wasn’t good at everything from singing, dancing, and performance.</p>

		<p>To top it off, I was a character that got teased pretty early on. It’s not like I wanted to be teased, I just went along with it while everyone else was teasing me. At the time, the spot for that kind of character was available so I went straight ahead and took it, and it felt like I found a place where I belonged.</p>

		<p>Now that it turned to this, I have no choice but to speak. I strongly belived that focusing on MC would be the shortest path for me to really shine in the group.</p>

		<p>I give up pretty easily. Or more accurately, I can change quickly.</p>

		<p>If you change course early on, in exchange, you create time to develop your weapon.</p>

		<h4>Getting the Courage To Fail A Lot</h4>

		<p>The question that I get asked the most from other members is “what’s the trick to being able to talk well in MC?”. All I can say is, “Honestly, you just go along with the moment”.</p>

		<p>So how do you get a hold of that, well I think there’s nothing else but failing a lot and figure it out from your failures.</p>

		<p>The good thing about the 48 Group is having a personal theater. The theater performance is the “home field” so even if you fail a lot, the audience will be forgiving.</p>

		<p>In fact, they get satisfaction from seeing us fail and growing from it.</p>

		<p>So I tell the members this:</p>

		<p>“In the theater, I don’t think it’s a good idea to come up with a script beforehand and then strictly following only that. It may be scary but it’d also be a waste to do it that way. You should talk while checking the fan’s reactions without being afraid. Because the theater is a place where the fans help grow you.”</p>

		<p>In the beginning, I failed a lot. And my failures have allowed me to grow a lot. </p>

		<h4>プロデューサーに学んだ武器の見つけ方</h4>
		<!-- BUGBUGpage41 -->

		<p>I have an interesting story where I fully realized my failures and growth at the theater.</p>

		<p>The first team that I belonged to, out of three teams that existed at the time, A, K, B,  was Team B with the youngest average age. The team with traditional idols like Mayuyu (Watanabe Mayu) and Yukirin (Kashiwagi Yuki).</p>

		<p>During the B4th “Idol no Yowake” concert, (February 8, 2009 ~ April 16, 2010), it was the first time that I received my own position. It was also this concert where my senpai gave me clear instructions to be the one to moderate the MC. I’ve been told by fans that “Even though you spoke so much during kenkyuusei concerts, you haven’t be speaking so much since your promotion” so I really wanted to get into it.</p>

		<p>This is a story from the B4th concert.</p>

		<p>The general producer of AKB48 is Akimoto Yasushi. Not only does he work on the singles and the album songs, he does everything from the theater concert concepts to choosing the songs and making the lyrics.</p>

		<p>Until then, I’ve barely had the chance to meet him. I honestly did not know what kind of person he was.</p>

		<p>Akimoto-san then came to our B4th dress rehearasal (a show in which everything is done as it would be in a real performance).</p>

		<p>In a concert, there is time for MC inbetween songs. It’s an important time to bring out your character and express your thoughts to the fans. I think MC has this effect where it increases the sense of unity between the state and the audience through laughter.</p>

		<p>The 9th song, "<a href="https://youtu.be/UdF7pbtteIQ">Itoshiki Natashi</a>“, is a song unit between me,  Haachan (Katayama Haruka), Tanamin (Tanabe Miku). At the end of the song, the three of us were supposed to do MC. At the dress rehearsal, as I said "Yayyyyy! Well then for this MC~", We were stopped my Akimoto-san.</p>

		<p>"Thats not interesting. The song you just sang and your outfits are <em>rock</em>. This is where you guys should fully become rock stars and do the MC like a mini skit. Decide a mini skit and call each other by nicknames. Decide before the concert."</p>

		<p>"Oh god", I thought. "We're going to sound so silly."   But there was no time to be complaining and we had no choice. The three of us talked about and decided our nicknames and our team name, "Team Karyuudo." The real concert began and it became time to do our MC after the song performance. Once we got together, we began the introductions.</p>

		<p>"You're the only one for me, my name's Dorian Sashihara.</p>

		<p>They <em>loved</em> it.</p>

		<p>Through Akimoto-san's advice, Team Karyuudo afterwards began to add some simple fake information about itself at each concert. Until our “break up” at the final concert, the fans who came to the theater really enjoyed seeing our characters grow. Thanks to that, at Request Hour (an event where fans vote on 48G songs) which takes place every winter, “Itoshiki Natasha” got a really spot at the best 6.</p>

		<p>Even though I thought it’d fail, it was a huge success. If you change your attitude, and just do it, some kind of result will follow!</p>

		<p>"Akimoto-san is amazing." It was also the first time for me to experience what producers were like</p>
	  <!-- BUGUBG -->

	  <h4>Slowly Say What You Think Without Worrying</h4>

		<p>Lately there was an event that made me feel like I’ve gotten better at MC, even if I do say so myself. It was at the AKB48 Kokuritsu Kyoujijo concter (March 2014). My performance was just one encore song so I was watching during the first half among the audience. Since I’m a person who loves Idol concerts.</p>

		<p>Suddenly, I got contacted by the stage director. “It’s going to take some time until the next preparations. Could you go on stage and talk for five minutes?” I understood that the backstage was in chaos and it wasn’t time for asking questions or for discussion so I answered, “I got it”, and went up on stage.</p>

		<p>I go through the pathway and up the stairs - in about ten seconds, I thought up of a punchline. It’s not a good idea to be looking for a puncline while you’re talking. To put it the other way around, as long as you  figure out the punchline, it shouldn’t turn out too bad.</p>

		<p>The punchline I decided at the time was about Shimada (Haruka) getting fat.</p>

		<p>“I was watching in the audience for two, three hours…...and man was Shimada fat.”</p>

		<p>I calculated that the fans were definitely going to react to it since she herself also made it into a topic and she always gets teased about it on TV so the timing was right. I decided to just go with that as the punchline, so I just needed to go on stage and talk about the things that came to mind.</p>

		<p>They <em>Loved</em> it.</p>

		<p>I realized one more piece of advice that I could give about MC. Speak while keeping in mind this, “Calm down and slowly talk out the things in your head or what you want to express”.</p>

		<p>It may be difficult in the beginning. But if you get used to it, anyone can do it.</p>

		<h4>Writing As A Weapon</h4>

		<p>My other weapon is something that is intimately related to MC.</p>

		<p>That weapon is writing.</p>

		<p>In March of 2010, I joined Ohta Pro and became on of their talents. The April right after I joined, I started a blog called “<a href="">Sashihara Quality</a>”.</p>

		<p>Speaking of which, it seemed there many fans who were surprised to hear that I joined with Ohta Pro. It was an agency that Acchan (Maeda Atsuko) and Yuko-chan (Oshima Yuko) so it was thought of among fans as the agency you go to become an actress. But think about it. Dachou Club-san, Ariyoshi (Hiroyuki)-san, Tsuchida (Teruyuki)-san…….</p>

		<p>Normally, this agency would be the best fit for me.</p>

		<p>I disgress though.</p>

		<p>Anyway, my blog.</p>

		<p>When I was in Oita, I was running my own blog and I also was doing mobame✳︎3 so I felt that I was pretty good at writing.</p>

		<p>As I put my first post. as well as my introduction, I suddenly received 3000 comments. Not only that, my fans are weird. They all act dumb in the comments. When I select those kinds of comments and react to them with a post, it began to pick up even more.</p>

		<p>I was surprised. I was actually more surprised that he knew my email address in the first place.</p>

		<p>When I re-read my old blog posts, I honestly don’t know what’s so interesting about them. By the way, the second blog post that got praise from Akimoto-san when something like this:</p>

		<br/><br/>

		<p>
			<blockquote>
				<h4><a href="http://ameblo.jp/sashihara-rino/entry-10522199445.html">Onions and a White Sasshi and a Dark Night</a></h4>
	      <h4>2010-04-30 22:21:36</h4>

				<p>Yesterday, when I was walking on the street, there was an onion completely on the floor.</p>
				<br/>
			  <p>I’ll say it again.</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>There was an onion completely on the floor.</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>Wouldn’t you be surprised?</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>The contrast of the white onion in the middle of the dark night was amazing.</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>There was nothing I could do about it so I didn’t do anything but when I checked in the morning, it was already gone (°__°</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>I wonder where it is.</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>Who is it with?</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>Before I realized it, all I could think about was that onion.</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>Wait, you don’t think this could mean…..</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>….Love!?</p>
			  <br/>
			  <p>The only thing a 17 year old thinks about before 10PM on a Friday.</p>
			</blockquote>
		</p>

		<p>Because of this post, I was able to start conversing with Akimoto-san via text messages.</p>

		<p>“One post a day is too little so increase the amount of posts.” “It’s interesting to see you ask questions to your readers. Why don’t you try making a corner like a person who send a ton of postcards.✳︎4” When Aki-P heard that I wanted to get my blog to rank first through a TV show, he said, “Why don’t you try posting a hundred times in a day?”. And that 100 blog post show really did happen.</p>

		<p>It was around this time when Aki-P or other people began to thnk that I was interesting. If you think about it that way, I think that my blog was when everything began. If it is where it all began, then the reason for my current self might be thanks to 2Channel.</p>

		<p>It seems as if my weapon was cultivated through the internet.</p>

		<p>That’s kinda scary.</p>

		<h4>Changing the Conditions</h4>

		<p>There are many members in the 48Group. The competition is already as tough as it is. Yet when I see the younger members, I feel that many of them stick too much with the traditional Idol route and are unable to show their personality. If you played by the same rules, in the same arena with the same weapons, losing becomes apparent.</p>

		<p>If that’s the case, then change the conditions. Don’t play your opponent’s game!</p>

		<p>Can I give some advice?</p>

		<p>“Don’t worry about it. That’s not the right place.”</p>

		<p>“That”, meaning the opponent’s area, and if you’re in it, you’ll lose so there’s no choice but to find another path</p>

		<p>I found one of my own weapons, honed it, and fought with it. It’s my only option.</p>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
