<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Conclusion</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">
    <p>This summer marks the two full years that has passed after my transfer to HKT48.</p>

    <p>I had fun in my times as an AKB48 member. But I am having the most fun right now without a doubt.</p>

    <p>If I didn't get transferred to HKT48, I think my life as an Idol would be much shorter.</p>

    <p>All the members of HKT48 are pure and not ready in a good way. There was only room for improvement. Being able to closely watch them grow has also enabled me to grow as well.</p>

    <p>And I was also able to remember my past self who admired Idols and entered AKB48.</p>

    <p>A mysterious thing happened.</p>

    <p>I've become able to hear everyone's cheers at theater performances or concerts more than ever before.</p>

    <p>The cheers from the audience, the emotions that you can only experience on stage, is what you call "addicting." I feel like I recently have understood the true meaning of that word.</p>

    <p>I've said it many times already in this book but when I was in Oita, I was a "Genba-wota" who would rush to my favorite Idol group's concerts.</p>

    <p>Now that I'm a member of HKT48, I'm into the "Genba" part of "Genba-wota" more than ever.</p>

    <p>My mother who at the time saw Idol concerts with me recently seemed to really began liking HKT48 concerts and comes to see us perform everytime.</p>

    <p>Together, we're now both "Genba-wota."</p>

    <br /><br />

    <p>Can I tell a nice little story?</p>

    <p>At the start of this year, at the HKT48 Kyushu tour, we held a "coming home" concert in my hometown of Oita for the first time.</p>

    <p>The venue was Grand Theater - the same venue where I saw my first Idol concert during my fifth year in elementary school.</p>

    <p>I stood on the same stage where I saw Ayaya (Matsuura Aya), Morning Musume, and Gomaki.</p>

    <p>"So this is what the view is like from the stage."</p>

    <p>"During that concert, I was sitting over there."</p>

    <p>A bunch of memories started coming back to me.</p>

    <p>It was the concert around the time Mikitty (Fujimoto Miki) was in Morning Musume. When Mikitty looked directly at me at the first balcony where I was seated, the moment I waved, she waved back at me.</p>

    <p>Whenever I tell that story, people make fun of me for it. They say, "It's all in your head." As people told me that, I too began to think that it might have been just in my head.</p>

    <p>I stood on the stage of Grand Theater and I understood. If a person who was sitting in the same seat waved at me, I'd be able to see it clearly. I knew it, Mikitty <em>did</em> only wave at me! I was incredibly happy to be able to confirm that.</p>

    <p>I felt like I was able to wave at the same person who looked up to Idols all those years ago.</p>

    <p>I will also one day graduate. One day, I will quit being an Idol.</p>

    <p>If I were to continue the entertainment industry even after my graduation, I wouldn't at all be against being addressed as "former AKB48" or "former HKT48." Rather, I want to live sucking the nectar from my glory days.</p>

    <p>But right now, my graduation is completely unthinkable. I want to continue being an Idol and continue standing on top of a stage forever.</p>

    <p>By the way.</p>

    <p>Did you find my way of thinking weird?</p>

    <p>At a glance, I'm a normal girl right? Then when you listen to what I'm thinking, I'm just weird. I'm just a really calculative person with a bad personality.</p>

    <p>Am I a bit weird? Some of my emotions are lacking here and there.</p>

    <p>But I do have common sense. And, I'm surprisingly positive. Just what is up with me?</p>

    <br />

    <p>I wonder if I'll be able to get married?</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
