<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>End Notes</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body >
  <h1>End Notes</h1>
  <br/><br/>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="wolf" class="endnote-topic">Morning Musume (Wolf)</h3><span class="return"> <a href="chapter01.xhtml#wolf">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
      "
      Back then, the board that I frequented was the “Morning Musume (Wolf)” board. At first, I was just there to read what was going on. Then midway, I created a username and began posting myself. Now that I think about it, I was a pretty weird person. There was no one else but that 5th year elementary schooler. Obviously though."
    </blockquote>

    <p>On 2Chan, there are 3 boards related to Morning Morning commonly known as モーニング娘。（羊）”Morning Musume (Sheep”, モーニング娘。（狼）”Morning Musume (Wolf)”, and モーニング娘。（鳩）”Morning Musume (Dove). The differences between them are the communities that use them, and the feeling that comes out from those communities, just like how we have Stage48, Nihongogo, and the now deprecated Everyday48 and how each are different in their own way. As for the reason why they are named after those three animals, it is a reference based of a bible verse, Matthew 10:16 in the New Testament which states, "Behold, I am sending you like sheep in the midst of wolves; so be shrewd as serpents and simple as doves."</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="kyara" class="endnote-topic">キャラ or "Character"</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter02.xhtml#kyarya">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
    To top it off, I was a character that got teased pretty early on. It’s not like I wanted to be teased, I just went along with it while everyone else was teasing me. At the time, the spot for that kind of character was available so I went straight ahead and took it, and it felt like I found a place where I belonged.
    </blockquote>

    <p>In Japan,  キャラ (kyara, short for “character”) is used to describe a person’s traits, habits and/or personality. In other words, an archetype. Sashihara was known as an いじられキャラ” (ijirare kyara) or a person who gets teased a lot. Especially in the Japanese entertainment industry, having a “kyara” is important as it helps one stand out, be more easily recognizable, and be more personable.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="mobame" class="endnote-topic">Mobame</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter02.xhtml#mobame">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
     "I disgress though. Anyway, my blog. When I was in Oita, I was running my own blog and I also was doing mobame so I felt that I was pretty good at writing. As I put my first post. as well as my introduction, I suddenly received 3000 comments. Not only that, my fans are weird. They all act dumb in the comments. When I select those kinds of comments and react to them with a post, it began to pick up even more."
    </blockquote>

    <p>Short for “mobile-mail”, it’s monthly mobile-only premium content where you get text messages sent by members</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="hagaki" class="endnote-topic">Hagaki Shokunin</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter02.xhtml#hagaki">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
      Because of this post, I was able to start conversing with Akimoto-san via text messages. “One post a day is too little so increase the amount of posts.” “It’s interesting to see you ask questions to your readers. Why don’t you try making a corner like a person who send a ton of postcards.” When Aki-P heard that I wanted to get my blog to rank first through a TV show, he said, “Why don’t you try posting a hundred times in a day?”. And that 100 blog post show really did happen.
    </blockquote>

    <p>Aki-P says ハガキ職人 which refers to a person who is known for sending tons of mail to a certain TV show or radio show where the content of the mail can range from ideas for a corner to illustrations.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="hetare" class="endnote-topic">Hetare</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter03.xhtml#hetare">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
	  Ever since my failure at bungee jumping was broadcasted, people around me started calling me “hetare.” At first, I didn’t know that “hetare” was supposed to be an insult. I took it the same way as Mayuyu (Watanabe Mayu) being called “CG” so I thought that they were giving me a character. I have very little pride so even after I realized that they were insults, I was like, “I don’t really mind as long as they think it’s interesting.”
    </blockquote>

    <p>Signifies an inept person who is always sincerely worried about something benign and crumbles by a slightest nudge. But their acute behaviour is the very reason why others love (or laugh at) them. A self-inflicting hypochondriac but in a funny and harmless way. Originally derived from an old Japanese colloquial expression 'he-tare' (constantly farting from one's mouth) which means someone tend to moan/sigh/squeal when facing a trivial problem. 

    <em><a href="http://bit.ly/1JnmeU3">*Definition taken from UrbanDictionary</a></em>
    </p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="renaikinshi" class="endnote-topic">Renai Kinshi</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter04.xhtml#renaikinshi">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
      I was contacted regarding an article published about me by a certain weekly magazine on a Monday with a “Waratte Iitomo!” live broadcast. In the 48 Group, there is a rule called “Renai Kinshi” There’s an article saying I did something that would break this rule during my time as Kenkyuusei…… I blacked out.
    </blockquote>
    
    <p>Renai Kinshi, better known as the “Love Ban” to western fans. For those who are unfamiliar with the term, it is the sometimes implict, sometimes explict unwritten rule that states that Japanse Idols are not allowed to date. There are many possible theories as to why it exists in the first place, however the most commonly accepted one is focused on how Japanese Idols are always rough around the edges and that if they had time to date a person, it signals to fans that they are not taking their work seriously and they are not using their time on improving their abilities.  I could have just called it “Love Ban” but “Renai Kinshi” as a phrase comes more naturally to me. A stylistic choice in the end.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="matome" class="endnote-topic">Matome sites</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter04.xhtml#matome">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
    At around this time, the thing where I can say to myself "Good Job Sashihara", was stopping myself from checking the Internet. I didn't look at sites like 2Channel or Matome sites one bit. If I checked the Internet after the article came out there would also be things that would make me feel that I did something and it'd only make me feel worse.
    </blockquote>
    
    <p>Matome sites are sites which curate information and then displays the highlights and summaries of a given topic. The matome site that Sasshi talks about are most likely ones which highlights key comments from certain 2Channel threads.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="ohayou" class="endnote-topic">"Ohayougozaimasu"</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter06.xhtml#ohayou">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
     But, it's true that in many cases, I am liked by my elders. The reason that I can think of is that it might be because I do greetings a lot.  For example, when your senpai comes into the changing room, all the kouhai say, "Ohayougozaimasu". Even if I am among the group of greetings, I won't be heard. Perhaps the senpai might think, "Why does Sashihara not do her greetings?"
    </blockquote>
    
    <p>おはようございます (Ohayougozaimasu) as you may or may not know means "Good morning" in Japanese. However, in work environments, you say おはようございます even if it's no longer morning, especially in the entertainment industry. Most Japanese people seems to not understand why that is the case but one theory is that for the person that begins working, it is the start of a new work day for them.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="www" class="endnote-topic">www or 笑</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter07.xhtml#www">back</a> </span>


    <blockquote>
  The ones I don't want to be involved with the most are the ones who write "w" a lot and who stray from the point because I think that no matter what I say, they'll never change. I ignore them completely.
    </blockquote>
    
    <p>笑 is the kanji for laughter and used in the word, 笑う（わらう・warau）which means "to laugh". "wwww" in Japanese is the equivalent of "lol" and so repeating it over and over again would be the same as "lololololol".</p>
  </div>

  <div class="endnote">
    <h3 id="kakizome" class="endnote-topic">書き初め・Kakizome</h3><span class="return"><a href="chapter09.xhtml#kakizome">back</a></span>

    <blockquote>
      At the start of 2012, I revealed my aspirations for that year on kakizome. The words that I chose was, "Enjoy your life!" Every year since then, those words were my aspirations. Even when things get rough, I think about it in a fun direction for even just a little bit.
    </blockquote>
    
    <p>In the start of the New Year, the Japanese perform the event of kakizome in which they write an auspicious word or phrase that embodies their wishes or resolutions for the New Year.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
