<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Final Words</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="center">
    <p class="no-indent">
    Finished reading the book? What did you think? Wait, don’t tell us yet! We are happy to hear about what you thought about the book but we’d rather you tell that to Sasshi herself first! <a href="https://twitter.com/345__chan">Go to her Twitter page and tell her what you thought about the book with the hashtag #Gyakutenryoku!</a> If you don’t have a Twitter account, ask a friend to tweet to her for you! Sasshi seems to be most active on Twitter (she hasn’t posted anything on her Google+ or her blog for years), so in order for your voice to be heard, it has to be Twitter! </p>

    <br />

    <p class="no-indent">Also, we feel that this is the best way for us to count how many people have actually read the book. I can write a program that will search for Twitter for tweets using #Gyakutenryoku and see how many times it was being used. This is also important that you do this because it will show how much of a reach a medium of this kind has outside of Japan were it to also be released in English. The more times the hashtag is used per each unique individual, the more that it will show that there are many fans outside of Japan and that many fans outside of Japan care about this kind of content.</p>

    <br />

    <p class="no-indent">Let us send a message. Literally. And tell your friends to go read this book - both the original and translated version!</p>

    <br />

    <p class="no-indent">With that said,</p>

    <br />
    <br />

    <p class="no-indent">Thank you for reading Sashihara Rino's Gyakutenryoku ~Pinch wo Mate~. These translations were brought to you by <a href="http://newschoolkaidan.com">NewSchoolKaidan</a>.</p>
  </div>

</body>
</html>
