<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Foreword</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">
    <h1>Foreword</h1>

    <br />

    <p>Hey guys, thank you for taking the time to read my translations. First of all, I want to give credit where credit is due. None of this could have been possible without the support and help of the staff from NewSchoolKaidan, @jarunugget for cleaning the images scans, and most of all, to my Japanese friend, Takei Yoshimi who put up with my unreasonable demands. Even though she is still learning English, without her checking to see if my words closely resemble the meaning and intent of what Sasshi wrote and checking for my typos, this translation of Gyakutenryoku may have been half-assed and might not have been the best it could have been. For that, you have my utmost gratitude and I hope to repay the favor to you all in kind. </p>

    <br />

    <p>Let me talk a little bit more about why I did this in the first place.</p>

    <br />

    <p>In the international 48 fandom, there are many individuals and translating teams who do great work daily to provide the rest of the world outside of Japan up-to-date information on the 48 family as frequently and as often as possible. Although my Japanese ability is just sustainable enough to not have to rely on others, I can appreciate the effort that is being put into translation as I have done it on and off before. While it was great that people were putting constant effort into translating Google+ posts, Twitter posts, 755 posts, blog posts, TV shows, radio shows, to my knowledge, no one has ever attempted to translate an entire book written by an Idol before. First of all, books written by Idols are few and far between - even more so for the amount of people who have actually attempted and finished it. You would have to be crazy to do that because no one ever does that....no one except for me of course. In short, I wanted to be the first one to not only have I attempted it, but carried through and finished with the project as well. I wanted that recognition and to be able to say that, "I did it first."</p>

    <br />

    <p>With that recognition, I wanted to not only direct attention to myself, but to <a href="http://newschoolkaidan.com">NewSchoolKaidan</a>, the site about Japanese Idols and a site that I contribute to. We were the ones who produced the very first KFC Fan ver. video with <a href="https://twitter.com/RockLiao">David Liao Jr.</a> and <a href="http://akb48-matome.blog.jp/archives/51881747.html">have had one of our video gone viral for a short period of time</a>. I want to keep pushing ourselves as a recognizable brand that aims to bring an understanding of Japanese Idol culture to the masses. Speaking of which, we do podcasts every Tuesday night at 12 midnight US EDT and put out articles about all things Japanese Idols. Please check us out.</p>

    <br />

    <p>Last but not least, it goes without saying that despite the calculative reasons that I've listed so far, I want to spread Sasshi's stories and ideas to everyone else. Because once a book is released in Japan, it stays in Japan - never to be fully read or understood by the world outside of it except for the few who understand the Japanese language. My hope is that by becoming the first one to do it, it will encourage other individuals or translating teams to challenge other books that have been released like Nakayan's "Hisenbatsu Idol", Uchida Mayumi's "Ienai Koigokoro", or Uchiyama Natsuki's "Kenpou Shugi" so that their content and ideas can be shared throughout the world and to give us more appreciation on aspects of Japanese Idol culture or the individual members themselves which may have not been previously known before.</p> 

    <br />

    <p>Speaking of which, I originally had intended to release a version of this book without the help of my friend but since I went over it with her, I feel more confident that it is more closer to what Sasshi originally intended to say. Nevertheless, a translation is a translation, and they are never perfect. The only way for to fully understand Sasshi's words is to buy a copy of Gyakutenryoku and read it yourself. This means that you will have to know the Japanese language and if you don't know Japanese, NewSchoolKaidan has you covered. The <a href="http://newschoolkaidan.com/category/learn-japanese/">Learn Japanese series</a> that I made a while back is an adequate introductory series which should bootstrap you on your Japanese language learning journey. I realize it's not the best in the world and I am looking to renew in it in the upcoming weeks so look forward to that! If you read this book and you personally felt that despite the native check, the translations are still off and can be improved even further, rather than giving me suggestions on what parts to improve, I allow you to take the entire translation of this book to release your own version with your own improvements as long as you don't sell it.</p>

    <br />

    <p>With that said, I hope you enjoy these translations. It is an accumulation of 2 months of hard work with sleepless nights.</p>

    <br />

    <p>The time of Japanese Idols is coming. Let us step up and rise to the occasion, and I shall be with you every step of the way comrade.</p>

    <br />

    <p id="translator">- Kenneth Uy <a href="https://twitter.com/missingno15">@missingno15</a></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
