<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Prologue</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

		<h1>Prologue</h1>
		<br /><br />
    
    <p>I lost.</p>

    <p>I was second place.</p>

    <p>In this year’s AKB48 Senbatsu Sousenkyo, I lost to (Watanabe) Mayu and ranked second.</p>
    
    <p>Last year, I got first place so I started announcing in a bunch of places that I would get first for a second year in a row. What Acchan (Maeda Atsuko) and (Oshima) Yuko-chan couldn’t do was also impossible for me to do as well.
</p>

    <p>“In second place with the final total vote count at 14,195 votes. HKT48, Team H, Sashihara
 Rino”</p>

    <p>The moment when the MC Tokumitsu (Kazuo)-san called out my name in the venue of the tally event, I couldn’t help but feel so frustrated that I couldn’t believe how frustrated I was. As I stood in front of the mic, my feelings exploded on the stage.</p>
    
    <p>“I honestly can’t believe I lost!!”</p>
    
    <p>I really respect the first place winner Mayu. She’s my senpai and I’ve seen her put in so much effort for AKB48 so I was really to feel happy for her.</p>

    <p>But still, I couldn’t believe that I lost on that day.</p>

    <p>In this year’s Sousenkyo, I received a lot of support from the fans. But at the same time, the words “Crush・Sashihara” also entered my ears.</p>

    <p>"True Idol Mayu VS. Pseudo-Idol Sashihara"</p>
    
    <p>Even I myself advertised the structure for this match up in my Sousenkyo speech VTR. I don’t even think that either Acchan to Yuko-chan said that they would get first for two years in a row. I understood that for me to say that might cause some backlash. But I went ahead and said it.</p>
    
    <p>Even I myself advertised the structure for this match up in my Sousenkyo speech VTR. I don’t even think that either Acchan to Yuko-chan said that they would get first for two years in a row. I understood that for me to say that might cause some backlash. But I went ahead and said it.</p>

    <p>As someone who placed first last year, I felt that that was my role. It may seem exaggerated but for the benefit of the 48Group, I wanted to make this year’s Sousenkyo more exciting by taking on the role as the villian.</p>
    
    <p>I think…that’s why. Things like “But I tried so hard…”, made my feelings of frustration even worse.</p>
    
    <p>No one understands how I feel. Everyone is an enemy.</p>

    <p>That’s how strongly I felt when I went back to the dressing room after the tallying event ended.</p>

    <p>But the people waiting there for me were friends. Takamina-san (Takahashi Minami) said to me, “You really did your best this year”. Miichan (Minegishi Minami) said to me, “You really did so much work for the 48 Group”.</p>

    <p>So there <em>were</em> people who understood me. I was so happy that I cried.</p>
    
    <p>Afterwards, I went to go to the dressing room of the stage organizers who always help us out at our HKT48 concerts. I wanted to thank them for supporting me. </p>

    <p>“Good job”, “You did your best”, “Your speech was really cool!”</p>

    <p>In regards to all the kind words that people gave me, I responded back saying “I’m so frustrated though!!”</p>
    
    <p>I was so glad to be able to say that, that I cried again.</p>
    
    <p>Until now, I thought it would be advantageous to me to not show the vunerable parts of myself to the staff.  “That’s what you say Sasshi but it’s fine since you’re so privileged“. That was something I definitely did not want to be told.</p>
    
    <p>With that in mind though, the word, “frustration” just naturally came out. And the kindness when everyone listened to me felt so warm.</p>

    <p>Losing and taking second place was frustrating but now I don’t feel that way anymore. To begin with, being second place among a group of nearly 300 members is a pretty amazing feat in itself. Even though I don’t have any special skills or characteristics, it was all thanks to the fans that helped me get to second place. And it also made me realize once again that I’m surrounded by such amazing friends.</p>

    <p>Waking up the next day the morning after the elections, I thought, “I’m glad I didn’t get first place again!” because it was tough making it so difficult for myself and making myself seem like “the absolute center”. When I think about what happens next time, I think it’d make a more interesting story if there’s  frustration. That’s how I feel when I look at other people’s lives. People don’t want to support others who have everything going right for them. Since there’s no frustration, the story has no drama which means there’s nothing to worry about and we might think that its ok to not show any support.</p>
    
    <p>Yay for frustration!</p>
    
    <p>“Wouldn’t you normally feel a little bit more frustrated though?”</p>

    <p>“Wouldn’t you normally feel a little bit more frustrated though?”
I have a huge problem with that. Because for 6 hours, from the time the tally event ended to the time it took me to get home and sleep, I was feeling frustrated. <em>For 6 hours!</em></p>
    
    <p>When I think back on it, I feel like my life has been an accumlation of moments where I was able to bounce back from tough situations. You can recover from these because you get into difficult situations.</p>
    
    <p>I think the reason why trying to get first place this year at the Sousenkyo was because there was no “pinch” to bounce back from. My life needs more of those it seems.</p>

    <p>“That’s a rather weird of way of thinking, don’t you think?”</p>

    <p></p>


  </div>
</body>
</html>
